[Date: September 22, 1994, Session #1]

Monica: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Chandler: All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk?
Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
All: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.
Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Joey: Instead of...?
Chandler: That's right.
Joey: Never had that dream.
Phoebe: No.
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Monica: And they weren't looking at you before?!
Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Ross:  Hi.
Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?
Ross: I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Chandler: Cookie?
Monica:  Carol moved her stuff out today.
Joey: Ohh.
Monica:  Let me get you some coffee.
Ross: Thanks.
Phoebe: Ooh! Oh! 
Ross: No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Phoebe: Fine!  Be murky!
Ross: I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
Monica: No you don't.
Ross: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian...  Did I say that out loud?
Ross: I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
Monica: Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what?  A wrong number?
Ross: Sorry.
Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
Ross: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! 
Monica: Rachel?!
Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Waitress: Can I get you some coffee?
Monica:  De-caff.  Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Rachel: Hi, sure!
Ross: Hi.
Monica: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'.  So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Rachel: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... 


[Date: September 22, 1994, Session #2]

Monica: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Chandler:  Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!
Ross:  I'll have whatever Christine is having.
Rachel:  Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Phoebe:  If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
Chandler:  Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Joey: I say push her down the stairs.
Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey:  Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Rachel: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Rachel: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Monica: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Phoebe:  Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string.  These are a few...
Rachel: I'm all better now.
Phoebe:  I helped!
Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.  The whole, 'hat' thing.
Joey:  And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Monica: Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Joey: What, like there's a rule or something?
Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Paul:  It's, uh, it's Paul.
Monica: Oh God, is it 6:30?  Buzz him in!
Joey: Who's Paul?
Ross: Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
Monica: Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Ross: He finally asked you out?
Monica: Yes!
Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Monica: Rach, wait, I can cancel...
Rachel: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Monica:  Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Ross:  That'd be good...
Monica:  Really?
Ross:  No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
Phoebe: What does that mean?   Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? 
Monica: Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
All: Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Monica: Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Ross: A wandering?
Monica: Change!  Okay, sit down.  Two seconds.
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Joey:  Hey, Paul!
Paul: Yeah?
Joey: Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Monica:  Shut up, Joey!
Ross: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Ross: Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your-  -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
Chandler:  Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Rachel: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.  It's been kinda a long day.
Ross: Okay, sure.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.


[Date: September 22, 1994, Session #3]

Ross:  I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Joey: I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.
Joey:  What's this?
Chandler: I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Joey: Which goes where?
Chandler: I have no idea.
Joey: Done with the bookcase!
Chandler: All finished!
Ross:  This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Chandler: Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Ross: You guys.
Chandler: Oh, God.
Joey: You got screwed.
Chandler: Oh my God!


[Date: September 22, 1994, Session #4]

Ross: I'm divorced!  I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Joey: Shut up!
Chandler: You must stop! 
Ross: That only took me an hour.
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.   You, however have had the love of a woman for four years.   Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!  I don't think that was my point!
Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Chandler: Stay out of my freezer! 


[Date: September 22, 1994, Session #5]

Ross:  Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
Joey: Great story!  But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man, 
Chandler: Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
Joey: Right.  Thanks.  It's June.  I'm outta here. 
Ross: Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? 


[Date: September 23, 1994, Session #6]

Joey: Of course it was a line!
Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Ross: I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
Monica: I hate men!  I hate men!
Phoebe: Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Monica: Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
Phoebe: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. 
Monica: I just thought he was nice, y'know?
Joey:  I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!
Rachel: Guess what?
Ross: You got a job?
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Rachel: You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me...
Rachel: They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Monica: How'd you pay for them?
Rachel: Uh, credit card.
Monica: And who pays for that?
Rachel: Um... my... father.


[Date: September 23, 1994, Session #7]

Rachel: Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary?  I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Monica: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Rachel: Thank you.
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Ross: The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
Monica: All right, you ready?
Rachel: No.  No, no, I'm not ready!  How can I be ready?  "Hey, Rach!  You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?"  Come on, I can't do this!
Monica: You can, I know you can!
Rachel: I don't think so.
Ross: Come on, you made coffee!   You can do anything! 
Ross: C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...
All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut... 
Rachel: Y'know what?  I think we can just leave it at that.  It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
Monica:  Rachel!  That was a library card!
All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut..
Chandler:  Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Monica: Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it!
Monica: Well, that's it  You gonna crash on the couch?
Ross: No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
Monica: You be okay?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor.  What?
Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
Ross and Rachel: Goodnight.
Ross: Mmm.  Oh, no-
Rachel: Sorry-
Ross: No no no, go-
Rachel: No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Ross: Split it?
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Okay.  You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Rachel: I knew.
Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Rachel: I did.
Ross: Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Rachel: Yeah, maybe...
Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Rachel: Goodnight.
Ross: Goodnight.
Monica: See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?
Ross: I just grabbed a spoon. 


[Date: September 24, 1994, Session #8]

Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
Phoebe:  I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
Monica: What? I-I said you had a-
Phoebe:  What I said you had...
Monica:  Would you stop?
Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?
All: Yes!
Monica: I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
Ross: There's an image.
Rachel:  Would anybody like more coffee?
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Rachel: I'm just serving it.
All: Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.
Chandler: Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. 
Customer:  Ahh, miss?   More coffee?
Rachel: Ugh.  Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there?  Go ahead.  Thank you.  Sorry.  Okay, Las Vegas.
Chandler: Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-

[Date: September 29, 1994, Session #9]

Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah!
Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Monica: Absolutely.
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Ross: Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Joey: ....Are we still talking about sex?


[Date: September 30, 1994, Session #10]

Ross: No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Marsha: Well, she has issues.
Ross: Does she.
Marsha: He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Ross: Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Marsha: Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
Ross:  No. No.
Marsha: Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!
Ross: Okay, okay, yes, it is.  How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
Ross:Hi.
Carol: So.
Ross: You look great. I, uh... I hate that.
Carol: Sorry. You look good too.
Ross: Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
Carol: A lesbian?
Ross: Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?
Carol: Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh-
Ross: Why- why are you here, Carol?
Carol: I'm pregnant.
Ross: Pregnant?!


[Date: September 30, 1994, Session #11]

Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! 
Monica:  Are you through with that?
Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this?!
Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and...  ...now I wish I was dead.
Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that-  -but, it's fine!
Monica: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Monica: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Chandler:  Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Monica: What?
Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
All: Eeaagh!
Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful.
Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... 
Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that!
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it.  Won't we!
Chandler and Joey: Oh! Yeah!
Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Chandler: ...Dinah?
Rachel:  Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Monica: You didn't.
Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...
Monica: I gave you one job! 
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Monica:  I just... can't do it.
Chandler: Boys? We're going in.
Ross: .....Hi.
Monica: Wow. That is not a happy hi.
Ross: Carol's pregnant.
Phoebe:  Ooh! I found it!
Monica: W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. 
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Ross: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her.
Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'?
Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Ross: Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
Rachel: So what are you gonna do?
Ross: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father.
Joey: .....Well, this is still ruined, right?


[Date: September 30, 1994, Session #12]

Mrs. Geller: Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you.  Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Monica: Curry.
Mrs. Geller: Mmmm!
Ross: I- I think they're great! I, I really do.
Mr. Geller:  Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she?
Mrs. Geller: They all had a thing for him.
Ross: Aw, Mom...
Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
Mrs. Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
Monica: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Mrs. Geller: Well, they don't have to know that... 
Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
Ross: Yeah. 
Mrs. Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
Monica: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
Mrs. Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Mr. Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Mrs. Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
Monica: What's that supposed to mean?
Mrs. Geller: Nothing! It's an expression.
Monica: No it's not.
Mr. Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
Mr. Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
Mr. Geller: ...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Monica:  So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories?  No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Ross:  Okay! Okay.  Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
Mrs. Geller:  And you knew about this?!


[Date: September 30, 1994, Session #13]

Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Ross: Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could-  -I'd want yours.
Ross: Must pee. 
Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.
Rachel: You're twins?
Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Chandler: What does she do?
Phoebe: She's a waitress.
Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. 
Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
Rachel: The lights, please..
Ross: ...How long was I in there?
Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.
Ross: D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?
Rachel: Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! 
Ross: Anyway.. um..  So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Rachel: Oh.. a little..
Ross: Mm-hmm..
Rachel: A lot.
Ross: Mm.
Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Ross: Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Ross: Got me.
Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it?  ..Ross?
Ross: Yes, yes!
Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. 
Ross: Me either... 


[Date: October 1, 1994, Session #14]

Ross:  Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Susan: Hi.
Carol: Ross, you remember Susan.
Ross: How could I forget?
Susan: Ross.
Ross:  Hello, Susan.  Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Carol: Dr. Oberman.
Ross: ..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-
Susan: She.
Ross: -she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
Carol: Yes, and she's very supportive.
Ross: Okay, that's great.  No, I'm- Oh. 
Carol: Thanks.
Ross:  Quack, quack..
Carol: Ross? That opens my cervix. 


[Date: October 1, 1994, Session #15]

Ross: So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Carol: Give me a 'for instance'.
Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
Carol: Marlon-
Ross: Marlon?!
Carol: -if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.
Ross: ...As in Mouse?
Carol: As in my grandmother.
Ross: Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
Carol: Julia..
Susan: We agreed on Minnie.
Ross: 'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?


[Date: October 1, 1994, Session #16]

Susan: Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen?
Ross: Helen Geller? I don't think so.
Carol: Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller.
Ross: Thank you!
Carol: No, I mean it's not Geller.
Ross: What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?
Carol: No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick-Bunch.
Ross: Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?
Susan: It's my baby too.
Ross: Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!
Carol: All right, you two, stop it!
Ross: No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Carol: Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
Ross: Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
Susan: Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross: My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Dr. Oberman:  Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?
All: Yeah. Yeah. A little.
Dr. Oberman: Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing.  Uh, lie back..
Ross: You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
Ross: Oh my God.
Susan: Look at that.
Carol: I know.


[Date: October 1, 1994, Session #17]

Ross: Well? Isn't that amazing?
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here?
Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Phoebe: You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Ross: Then don't do that, alright?
Phoebe: Okay!
Ross: Monica. Whaddya think?
Monica:  Mm-hmm.
Ross: Wh- are you welling up?
Monica: No.
Ross: You are, you're welling up.
Monica: Am not!
Ross: You're gonna be an aunt.
Monica:  Oh shut up!
Rachel:  Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose.   Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.

[Date: October 6, 1994, Session #18]

Phoebe:  Hi guys!
All: Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
Ross: Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
All: Ohh. Ouch.
Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
Monica: Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
Rachel: Since when?
Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Rachel: And everybody knows this?
Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow.
Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
Ross: That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
Monica: Uh, Ross.
Ross: What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!


[Date: October 7, 1994, Session #19]

Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger.
Joey: That's ridiculous!
Ross: Can I use.. either thumb?
Rachel:  Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me!  Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
All: Yeah. Yeah, excellent.
Rachel:  Good for me!
Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe?
Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
Monica: What did they do to you?
Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Ross: Easy.
Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it!
Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
Monica: We're with you. We got it.
Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing?
Monica:  Hey. Whaddya doing?
All: Oh! Oh, God!
Ross: What is this?!
Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
Chandler: And this- is my reward!
Ross: Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit!
All: Ohhh! Put it out!
Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. 
Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
Rachel: This Alan again? How's it goin'?
Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy?
Monica: Let's see, today's Monday... Never.
All: Oh, come on! Come on!
Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve.
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
Rachel: Well, then can we meet him?
Monica: Nope. Schhorry.


[Date: October 8, 1994, Session #20]

Joey: Let it go, Ross.
Ross: Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.
Monica: Do you all promise?
All: Yeah! We promise! We'll be good!
Monica:  Chandler? Do you promise to be good?
Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Ross: Hey, Pheebs.
Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this-  -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Rachel: What bank is this?
Monica: Hey. It's him.  Who is it?
Alan:  It's Alan.
Joey:  Chandler! He's here!
Monica:  Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me.
Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
Alan: Hi.
All: Hi, Alan.
Alan: I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
Monica:  Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow.  Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
Monica: C'mon!
Ross: ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
All: Loved him! Yeah! He's great!
Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?
All: Yeah!
Rachel: And did you notice...? 
The Guys:  Yeah.
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
Ross: ...What shoe?
Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
Ross: ...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Monica: Really!
Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? 
Ross: You know what I like most about him, though?
All: What?
Ross: The way he makes me feel about myself.
All: Yeah...


[Date: October 9, 1994, Session #21]

Monica: Hi.. how was the game?
Ross: Well..
All: WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!
Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?
Joey: Alan.
Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
Rachel: I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
Ross: What?
Monica: ..I dunno, a little too Alan?
Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.
Ross: Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan.


[Date: October 9, 1994, Session #22]

Ross: A thumb?!
All: Eww!
Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see?
All: Nooo!
All: Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!
Rachel: It's worse than the thumb!
Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair!
Monica: Oh, why is it unfair?
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it.
Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
Ross: Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.
Joey: Oh,  "you do, do you"?
Ross: You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
Rachel: "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
Rachel: Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.


[Date: October 10, 1994, Session #23]

Joey: Do you have any respect for your body?
Ross: Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Rachel:  Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Chandler: Really? He does?  Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! 
Rachel:  God, he's good.
Ross: If only he were a woman.
Rachel: Yeah.


[Date: October 10, 1994, Session #24]

Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Ross: Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. 
Monica:  Hey. Where's Joey?
Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Rachel: I think he's across the hall.
Monica: Thanks. 
Ross:  There y'go.
Chandler:  Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Ross: Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
Phoebe: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Ross: Hey, I might!
Phoebe: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
All: You're kidding. Oh my God.
Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Joey:  What's going on?
Monica: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
Rachel: Uh, Joey..
Joey: Oh, God! 
Monica:  Okay..
All: Oh! That was Lambchop!
Monica: Please, guys, we have to talk.
Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Monica: Alright, we have to talk.
Phoebe: There it is!
Monica: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
Ross: Is there somebody else?
Monica: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
Rachel: We didn't change..
Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Phoebe: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- 
Monica: Look, I- I could go on pretending-
Joey: Okay!
Monica: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Ross: Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
Monica: I'm sorry..
Chandler:  Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Rachel:  I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Monica: I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
All: Oh, yeah! Right!
Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay?
Ross: Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
Monica:  I understand.


[Date: October 10, 1994, Session #25]

Rachel: Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Ross: Yeah. He could row like a viking.
Monica:  Hi.
All: Mmm.
Ross: So how'd it go?
Monica: Oh, y'know..
Phoebe: Did he mention us?
Monica: He said he's really gonna miss you guys. 
Ross: You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere. 
Chandler: ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.
All: No no no!
Chandler:  I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Phoebe:  If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Chandler:  Yeah, alright.

[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #26]

Monica: Alright. Phoebe?
Phoebe: Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Ross: Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Chandler: Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Rachel: See, there's always one guy.  "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes." 
All: Hey Joey. Hi. Hey, buddy.
Monica: Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?
Joey: Probably kill myself!
Monica: ..Excuse me?
Joey: Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!
Ross: Joey, uh- OMnipotent.
Joey: You are? Ross, I'm sorry..


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #27]

Monica: How does she do that?
Ross: I cannot sleep in a public place.
Monica: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
Phoebe:  Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
Ross: It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
Monica: What's going on with you?
Phoebe: I got no sleep last night!
Ross: Why?
Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Monica: Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Phoebe: Thanks.
Joey: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Chandler: You got waaaay too much free time.
Joey:  Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
Chandler: Happy birthday, pal!
Joey: We love you, man. 
Ross: Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
Joey: So?
Ross: So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Chandler: Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Ross: Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Monica: Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
Ross: Ohhh.
Joey: What's wrong with the twentieth?
Chandler: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
Ross: Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship.  Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Joey: The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Chandler:  C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy,  Huh? Huh? Huh?
Ross: What are you doing?
Chandler:  I have no idea.
Joey: C'mon, Ross!
Ross: Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Chandler: You got it.
Rachel: Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Phoebe: I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Monica: Wow, you worked in a mine?
Phoebe: I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Rachel: God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally——not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Chandler:  Oh, this is not that bad.
Joey: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
Ross: You can totally, totally live on this.
Monica: Yeah, yeah.
Ross: Oh, by the way, great service tonight.
All: Oh! Yeah!
Guys: Hockey!  Hockey! Hockey. 
Leslie:  Rachel?
Rachel: Oh my God!
Monica:  I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
Rachel: What are you guys doing here?
Kiki: Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!
Joanne: Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.
Rachel:  Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Leslie: I know. I know! I'm a duplex.
Rachel:  So what's going on with you?
Joanne: Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm? 
Kiki: And while we're on the subject of news.. 
Phoebe:  Look, look, I have elbows! 


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #28]

Chandler: ...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! 
Joey: Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! 
Chandler: We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Ross: Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we-  Sorry. Sorry.
Joey: What?
Ross: Peach pit.
Chandler: Yes, Bunny?
Ross:  Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-
Joey: -Peaches?
Ross: Actually, nectarines, but basically...
Chandler:  Could've been a peach.
Ross: Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the-  -the bus stop... I'm fine.
Joey: Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's!  What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #29]

Ross:  Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Ross: No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
Joey: C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #30]

Ross: Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
Chandler:  See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Ross: Pass it! Pass it!
Chandler: He's open!
All: Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!
Chandler: Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #31]

Chandler: 'Scuse me.
Receptionist:  It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Chandler: Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. 
Receptionist:  Hold on.  Fill these out, sit over there. 
Ross:  Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Receptionist: Well, you'll have to wait your turn.
Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be?
Receptionist:  Any minute now.
Ross: Hey, this-  Heyy...


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #32]

Ross: I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Chandler: Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Joey: He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Ross: Look, it's just a little more complicated...
Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Ross: Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Chandler: Then what?
Ross: My first time with Carol was... 
Joey: What?
Ross: It was my first time.
Joey: With Carol?  Oh.
Chandler: So in your whole life, you've only been with one——oh.
Joey: Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #33]

Joey: Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
Chandler: I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
Joey: Really?
Chandler: No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. 
Both: Hey, buddy.
Ross: Hi. 
Receptionist:  Oh, that's attractive.
Chandler: Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Ross: Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Joey: Oh, ah- the kid has it.
Ross: The kid...?  Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.
Kid: I found it. Finders keepers, losers weepers. 
Chandler: You gotta do it, man.
Ross:  Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever——can't do it.  Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Kid: No.
Ross: 'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!
Kid: No! No! 
Receptionist: Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!
Ross:  GIVE ME MY PUCK!! 
Ross: ...Now that was fun.


[Date: October 20, 1994, Session #34]

Ross:  Okay, Monica: Right foot red.
Monica: Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo.
Chandler: Thanks. 
Ross: Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. Good. 
Chandler: Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Rachel: Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Chandler: Alright.  Yes, this is Rachel.
Rachel: Nooo!   Hello?  Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much.  Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Ross: Green. To the green.
Rachel:  I've got magic beans.  Never-never mind.
Chandler: To the left, to the left- aww! 
Rachel:  Ohhh... I'm fine.

[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #35]

Monica: Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Ross: Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Rachel: Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
Chandler: We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Ross: Multiple orgasms!


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #36]

Chandler: So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Joey: No plans, huh?
Chandler: Not a one.
Ross: Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?
Chandler: Oh, right, right, shut up.
Monica: Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Chandler: No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Joey: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
Phoebe: You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
Chandler: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Phoebe: No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Ross: Tony?
Monica: Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Rachel:  Does anybody want anything else?
Ross: Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing.  Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Phoebe:  What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Rachel: It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Ross: That guy, he burns me up.
Rachel: Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Chandler: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Monica: Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Phoebe:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Angela: Hi, Joey.
Joey: My god, Angela.
Monica: Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Phoebe: Are you gonna go over there?
Joey: No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool.  Hey, Angela.
Angela:  Joey.
Joey: You look good.
Angela: That's because I'm wearing a dress that accents my boobs.
Joey: You don't say.
Ross: So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Rachel: Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Ross: Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Rachel: Who?
Ross: Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Rachel: Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Ross: Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Rachel: Sure.
Angela: Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.
Joey: Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Angela: Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Joey: Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Angela: Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?
Joey: What?
Angela: We're just friends.
Joey: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Angela: What four of us?
Joey: You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #37]

Ross:  Ok, bye.  Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
Chandler: Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Ross: It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.
Chandler: It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Ross: Nuh-uh.
Chandler: Yuh-huh.
Ross: So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Chandler: Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear—you want it to be dirty?
Ross:  No.
Chandler: Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Ross: Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Chandler: There you go.


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #38]

Woman: Comin' through. Move, move.
Rachel: Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
Woman: Yeah, well, now you're kinda not.
Rachel: But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
Woman: Oh, I'm sorry, is that your basket? It's really pretty. Unfortunately, I don't see suds.
Rachel: What?
Woman: No suds, no save. Ok?
Ross: What's goin' on?
Rachel: Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Ross: Was your basket on top?
Rachel: Yeah, but, there were no suds.
Ross: So?
Rachel: Well, you know, no suds, no save.
Ross: No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second.  That's my friend's machine.
Woman: Hey, hey, hey, her stuff wasn't in it.
Ross: Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it.
Ross:  All right, show's over. Nothing to see here.  Ok, let's do laundry.
Rachel: That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
Ross: Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
Rachel: What's that?
Ross: Uberveiss. It's new, it's German, it's extra-tough.
Ross: Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Rachel: Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Ross: Rach, have you never done this before?
Rachel: Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Ross: Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Rachel:  Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Ross:  Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #39]

Rachel: Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Ross: That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me?  I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
Rachel: What uh-oh?
Ross:  Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing.  Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Rachel: Ross, what's the matter?
Ross: Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
Rachel: Come on, show me.
Ross: All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Rachel: Oh, everything's pink.
Ross: Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Rachel: Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #40]

Ross: You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
Rachel: Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
Rachel: Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
Woman: Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way.
Rachel: I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Woman: Hey, hey, hey there aren't any clothes in it.
Rachel: Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Woman: Let go!
Rachel: All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Rachel:  Yes! Did you see that?
Ross: You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Rachel: I could not have done this without you.
Ross: Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine.
Rachel: Are you sure?
Ross: No.


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #41]

Rachel: Oh, are you sure you're ok?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Does it still hurt?
Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe:  What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
Monica: Hi.
Phoebe: Hey, how'd it go?
Joey: Excellent.
Monica: We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Ross: What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
Monica:  Oh, I'm sorry.
Rachel: Where's Chandler?
Phoebe: Oh, he needed some time to grieve.
Chandler: I'm free! I'm free!
Phoebe: That oughta do it.

[Date: October 27, 1994, Session #42]

Rachel:  Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
Chandler: You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Phoebe: The exclamation point in the title scares me.  Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Ross: Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
Joey: Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. 
All you want is a dingle,
What you envy's a schwang,
A thing through which you can tinkle,
Or play with, or simply let hang...


[Date: October 27, 1994, Session #43]

Rachel: God. I feel violated.
Monica: Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Chandler:  Ross, ten o'clock.
Ross: Is it? Feels like two.
Chandler: No, ten o'clock.
Ross: What?
Chandler:  There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
Ross: Oh. Hel-lo!
Chandler: She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Monica: Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Chandler: Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Ross: He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
Chandler: Thank you, buddy.
Phoebe: Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Monica: You could do that!
Chandler: Y'think?
All: Yeah!
Chandler: Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Ross: C'mon! C'mon!
Chandler: Here goes. 
Aurora: ...Yes?
Chandler: Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh......hi.
Aurora: Yes, you said that.
Chandler: Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. 
Aurora: Chandler?
All: Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
Joey: Whadja think?
All: ...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
Joey: C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
All:  Saw your head. Saw your head.
Chandler:  She said yes!! She said yes!!  Awful play, man. Whoah.  Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way.  Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. 
Rachel: What is it?
Joey: The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
Phoebe: Based on this play? ...Based on this play!


[Date: October 28, 1994, Session #44]

Chandler: Hey, kids.
All: Hey.
Phoebe:  No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Monica: Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Chandler: It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Aurora: ...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Chandler: Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler: We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Aurora: ...All of a sudden we realised we were in Yammon.
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Aurora: 'We' would be me and Rick.
Joey: Who's Rick?
Chandler: Who's Rick?
Aurora: My husband.
All: Ooooohhh.
Chandler: Oh, so you're divorced?
Aurora: No.
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Aurora: No, I'm still married.
Chandler: So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Aurora: Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
Chandler: Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Aurora: Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
All: What?!
Chandler: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Aurora: I suppose mainly sexual.
Chandler: ...Hm.
Monica: Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Chandler: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Monica: Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Chandler: Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Ross: No, of course not!  ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
Monica: What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Joey: I couldn't do it.
Monica: Good for you, Joey.
Joey: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Ross: Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
Ross: Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.
Monica: We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
All: Yeah! C'mon!
Ross: Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-


[Date: October 28, 1994, Session #45]

Rachel: Tah-daaah!
Chandler: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Rachel: Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Ross: Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Rachel: Well, whaddya think?
All: Very clean! It looks great! Terrific!
Monica: ...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
All: Uh-oh...
Monica: How-how did that happen?
Rachel: I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Monica: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot.  Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Phoebe:  I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Chandler: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Monica: You guys, I am not that bad!
Phoebe: Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know,  Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Monica: That is so unfair!
Ross: Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
Monica: Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Ross: Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Monica: Why not?
Ross: Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
Monica: I could do that.
Rachel: Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Monica: Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Chandler: Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Monica: STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Ross: Monica? You're Mom.
Phoebe: Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Joey:  Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there!  That was my agent.  My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
All: Oh my God! Whoah!
Monica: Well, what's the part?
Joey: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Phoebe: Seriously, what-what's the part?
Joey: "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
Ross: C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
Joey: ...I'm his 
Rachel: ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Joey: ...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Monica:  Oh my God.
Joey: C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Ross: You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?


[Date: October 30, 1994, Session #46]

Ross: Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
All: Hey!
Monica: Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Joey: Nope.
Ross: No? What happened, big guy?
Chandler:  "Big guy?"
Ross: It felt like a 'big guy' moment.
Joey: I got fired.
All: Oh!
Joey: Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Rachel: Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Joey: My mom will.
Chandler: Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Joey: Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Monica: Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Ross: Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Joey: Hard to tell, I was naked.
Phoebe: No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Joey: Yeah? That's so nice! 
Monica: I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
All: Night.
Rachel: Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
Monica:  Uh-huh!
Rachel: Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Monica: Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. 
Ross: She is a kook.


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #47]

Joey: Hi everyone.
Ross: And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Joey: Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Phoebe:  Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Rachel: That had to hurt!


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #48]

Rachel: Alright, somebody.
Monica: OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
All: Whoooaa!
Ross: That's my sister.
Joey: OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Monica: Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
Ross: Pheebs, what about you?
Phoebe: Oh... Milwaukee.
Rachel: Um... Ross?
Ross: Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
All: No way!
Ross: The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel.
Rachel: Oh come on, I already went.
Monica: You did not go!
All: Come on.
Rachel: Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... ... oh, the foot of the bed.
Ross: Step back.
Joey: We have a winner!
Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Ross: Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Rachel: There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Ross: Come on.
Rachel: No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Ross:  And you didn't marry him because...?
Rachel: I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Ross: Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Rachel: Yeah right.
Ross: It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Rachel:  OK.
Ross: But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Rachel: You don't.
Ross: Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: Mmmm.
Rachel: You do?
Ross: I do.
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great. 
Joey: It's never gonna happen.
Ross:  What?
Joey: You and Rachel.
Ross:  What?  Why not?
Joey: Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
Ross: No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
Joey: Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
Ross: I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Ross: I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment.  What? What, now?
Joey: Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' 
Ross: Shhhh!
Rachel: What are you shushing?
Ross: We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen.  Don't you hear that?
Rachel: Ahhhh!
Ross: See?
Rachel: Huh. 


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #49]

Phoebe:  New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... 
Ross:  OK, here goes.
Joey: Are you going to do it?
Ross: I'm going to do it.
Joey: Do you want any help?
Ross: You come out there, you're a dead man.
Joey: Good luck, man.
Ross: Thanks.  OK.
Joey: OK. 
Joey: Hey, where are you going?
Monica: Outside.
Joey: You can't go out there.
Monica: Why not?
Joey: Because of... the reason.
Monica: And that would be?
Joey: I, um, can't tell you.
Monica: Joey, what's going on?
Joey: OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Monica: About what?
Joey: He's planning your birthday party.
Monica: Oh my God! I love him!
Joey:  You'd better act surprised.
Phoebe: About what?
Monica: My surprise party!
Phoebe: What surprise party?
Monica: Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
Phoebe: Well, he didn't tell me.
Joey: Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.
Phoebe: This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Monica: No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Phoebe: Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in.  Looks like I was second to last.


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #50]

Rachel: Hmmm... this is so nice.
Ross: OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Rachel: OK.
Ross: OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Rachel: Ohhh!!!! 
Ross: Yes, yes, that's right...
Rachel: Oh, look at the little cat! 
Ross: What?  Ow!
Monica, Joey, and Phoebe:  I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #51]

Monica:  This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
Joey: Sorry, that was wax.
Phoebe: Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
Ross: Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
Rachel: During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Ross:  Yeah?


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #52]

Ross:  Lucky sixes....
Rachel:  Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Monica:  Hi!
Rachel: And Joey....
Monica: Hi!
Rachel: And Ross.
Monica: Hi!
Paolo: 
Rachel:  He doesn't speak much English.
Paolo:  Monopoly!
Rachel: Look at that!
Ross:  So, um... where did Paolo come from?
Rachel: Oh... Italy, I think.
Ross: No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.
Rachel: Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
Ross: That, that is funny... .... and Rachel keeps touching him.
Phoebe: Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Rachel: Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Phoebe: Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Rachel: Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Paolo: 
Phoebe:  You betcha!


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #53]

Paolo: 
Ross:  Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah....
Ross: Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
Rachel: I have absolutely no idea.
Ross: That's... that's classic.
Rachel:  Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Monica: If you want, I'll do it.
Phoebe: I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip.  But I won't.
Rachel: God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Phoebe: You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Rachel: Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Ross: Paolo. Hi.
Paolo: Ross!
Ross: Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Paolo: Thing?
Ross: Thing, yes. Thing.
Paolo: Ah, you... have the sex?
Ross: No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
Paolo: Bed?
Ross: No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
Paolo: Oh!
Ross: Yeah! Se vice?
Paolo: Si.
Ross: So you do know a little English.
Paolo: Poco... a leetle.
Ross: Do you know the word crapweasel?
Paolo: No.
Ross: That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel!


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #54]

Phoebe: Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... 
Ross: Thank you.
Phoebe: Thanks.
Ross: Kinda... spooky without any lights.
Joey:  Bwah-hah-hah!
Ross: OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...
Ross: Oh.. oh... oh.
Joey: Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.


[Date: November 10, 1994, Session #55]

Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Rachel: Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Chandler: You did?
Rachel: Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Monica: I did.
Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Joey: Not me.
Ross: Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Ross: No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
All: Yeah! Right!
Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!
Monica: Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
All: Yes. Absolutely. A quality.
Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
Monica: Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
Rachel: Oh my God! Calling from Rome!  Bon giorno, caro mio.
Ross:  So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Rachel: Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome.  I'm talking to Rome.
Monica: Hey dad, what's up?  Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.


[Date: November 10, 1994, Session #56]

Ross: So, uh, how's she doing?
Aunt Lillian: The doctor says it's a matter of hours.
Monica: How-how are you, Mom?
Mrs. Geller: Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?
Monica: What?
Mrs. Geller: What's different?
Monica: Nothing.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, maybe that's it.
Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Ross: Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Monica: Oh God!
Monica: The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Mr. Geller: Not just restaurants, from our house.
Nurse: Mrs. Geller?
Ross: She looks so small.
Monica: I know.
Ross: Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
Monica: G'bye, Nana. 
Ross: Bye, Nana.
Monica: Ross!
Mrs. Geller: What is going on?!
Ross: Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
Mrs. Geller: What?
Ross: She's not- past, she's present, she's back.
Aunt Lillian:  What's going on?
Mr. Geller: She may have died.
Aunt Lillian: She may have died?
Mr. Geller: We're looking into it.
Ross: I, uh, I'll go see. 
Nurse: This almost never happens!
Ross: Now she's passed.


[Date: November 10, 1994, Session #57]

Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Rachel:  Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair.
Rachel: So, um, did she...
Ross: Twice.
Joey: Twice?
Phoebe: Oh, that sucks!
Joey: You guys okay?
Ross: I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
Ross: Nono, she's gone.
Monica: We checked. A lot.
Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know?  Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Rachel: Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? 
Phoebe: Thanks!
Rachel: Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food!  ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. 


[Date: November 11, 1994, Session #58]

Ross: I thought it was gonna be a closed casket.
Mrs. Geller: Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice!
Mrs. Geller: Sweetie, you think you can get in there?
Ross:  I don't see why not.
Ross: Here's my retainer!


[Date: November 11, 1994, Session #59]

Ross:  This one?
Aunt Lillian: No.
Ross: I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
Aunt Lillian: You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.
Mrs. Geller: You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.
Ross: Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. 
Aunt Lillian: Wait! We need shoes!
Ross: Okay. Um, how about these? 
Mrs. Geller: That's really a day shoe.
Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?
Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel?
Ross:  Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
Aunt Lillian: No, it really should be burgundy.
Mrs. Geller: Mm. Unless we go with a different dress?
Ross: No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back.
Ross: Oh my God..
Mrs. Geller: Is everything all right, dear?
Ross: Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.


[Date: November 12, 1994, Session #60]

Ross:  How we doing, you guys ready?
Monica: Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Ross: Some days it's all I can think about.
Phoebe:  Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
Rachel: Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
Phoebe: What'd I say?
Rachel:  Hm-m.
Monica: Are these the shoes?
Rachel: Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
Ross: What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?
Joey:  Morning. We ready to go?
Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?


[Date: November 12, 1994, Session #61]

Monica: It was a really beautiful service.
Mrs. Geller: It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart.  Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.
Joey: What?
Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Joey: Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. 
Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Joey: No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man.
Rachel: Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
Ross: Oh, I hope they're not ruined.
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
Ross: I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- 
All: God! Ross!
Ross: I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised...


[Date: November 12, 1994, Session #62]

Phoebe: Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Ross: What, what is it?
Phoebe: You missed a belt loop.
Ross: Oh! No-n-
Phoebe: Okay, it's in spasm.
Mrs. Geller: Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident. 
Chandler: Oh, no-
Andrea: Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Ross: I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Monica: Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
Ross: Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs... 
Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice...
Ross: ...Chandler!
Chandler: Hey.
Ross:  And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
Andrea:  You were right. 
Ross: Rachel. Rachel Rachel.  I love you the most.
Rachel:  Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Ross: No.
Rachel: You!
Ross: Oh.. you don't get it! 
Mr. Geller: Whaddya got there?
Joey:  Just a, uh... hearing disability.
Mr. Geller: What's the score?
Joey: Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
Mr. Geller: Beautiful! 
Rachel:  Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
Mrs. Geller:  Your grandmother would have hated this.
Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Monica: That sounds like Nana.
Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
Monica: ...I can imagine.
Mrs. Geller: I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Monica: That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Mrs. Geller: Tell her what?
Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
Mrs. Geller: I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Mrs. Geller: ...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
Monica: Huh.
Mrs. Geller: More wine, dear?
Monica: Oh, I think so.
Mrs. Geller:  Those earrings look really lovely on you.
Monica: Thank you. They're yours.
Mrs. Geller: Actually they were Nana's.
Mr. Geller: Now I'm depressed! ... Even more than I was.


[Date: November 13, 1994, Session #63]

Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Ross: That little naked guy would be me.
Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing.
Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Chandler: Who are those people?
Ross: Got me.
Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle.  'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Ross: Looks like a fun gang. 
Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Ross:  Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something.


[Date: November 17, 1994, Session #64]

Rachel: Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Guy: Huh?
Rachel: Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before.  Only $98.50 to go.
Monica: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Ross: No, they're not.
Monica: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
Ross: You're wrong.
Monica: I am not wrong.
Ross: You're wrong.
Monica: No, I just talked to them.
Ross:  I'm calling Mom.
Joey: Hey, hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey.
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Phoebe: What were you modeling for?
Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic?
Monica: Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... 
Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Joey: Thanks.
Ross:  Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Ross: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
Monica: You know, they're not actually supposed to have...  I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Joey: Yeah.
Monica: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Chandler: Yes, every single one of them.
Monica: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
Phoebe: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Monica: So you're free Thursday, then.
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come?
Monica: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Rachel: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Chandler: I thought it was $98.50.
Rachel: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
Ross: Well, I'm off to Carol's.
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Ross:  Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.


[Date: November 17, 1994, Session #65]

Ross: Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
Susan: No, she's at a faculty meeting.
Ross: Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Ross: Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Susan: What's it look like?
Ross: Kinda like a big face without skin.
Susan: Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.
Ross: Ok.  Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.
Susan: Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.
Ross:  Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.
Susan: Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.
Ross: The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
Susan: What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?
Ross: You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?
Susan: Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.
Ross: Do you uh, do you talk about me?
Susan: Yeah, yeah, all the time.
Ross: Really?
Susan: But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.


[Date: November 23, 1994, Session #66]

Ross: Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Monica: Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
Rachel: No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Monica: Rach, here's your mail.
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Monica:  No, here's your mail.
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Monica:  Would you just open it?
Rachel: Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
Monica: We all chipped in.
Joey:  We did?
Monica:  You owe me 20 bucks.
Rachel: Thank you. Thank you so much!
Monica:  Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Rachel: Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.
Ross: Oh, I hate this story.
Chandler: We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Rachel: Oh my god.
Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.


[Date: November 24, 1994, Session #67]

Monica: Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?
Ross: I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
Monica: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Ross: That's closer.
Rachel: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping.
Rachel: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already?
Chandler: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Monica: That's not a question.
Joey: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Monica: All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Ross: Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
Monica: Ah!
Ross: Ok, Mom never hit.
Phoebe:  Ok, all done.
Monica: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Monica: Why would we do that?
Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Monica: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
Rachel: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything.  Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Joey: The balloon?
Chandler: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Rachel: I can't, I gotta go.
Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Phoebe: Almost never.
Monica: Got the keys? or Got the keys!
Rachel: Ok.


[Date: November 24, 1994, Session #68]

Carol: Anytime you're ready.
Ross: Ok, ok, here we go.  Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Carol: Just aim for the bump.
Ross: Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
Carol: So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.
Ross:  Hello, baby. Hello, hello.


[Date: November 24, 1994, Session #69]

Ross: And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Carol: Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.
Ross: Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
Susan: Hi, how's it goin?
Ross: Shh!  Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey!  Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Carol: I did.
Ross: Does it always, uh--?
Carol: No, no that was the first.
Susan: Keep singing! Keep singing!
Ross:  Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
Susan: I felt it!
Ross:  Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.


[Date: November 24, 1994, Session #70]

Joey: Nope, not that one.
Monica: Can you go any faster with that?
Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
Chandler:  For an emergency just like this.
Rachel:  All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this  right now. But I'm not.
Monica: I swear you said you had the keys.
Rachel: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
Monica: Why would I have the keys?
Rachel: Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Monica: But I didn't.
Rachel: Well, you should have.
Monica: Why?
Rachel: Because!
Monica: Why?
Rachel: Because!
Monica: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no!  Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Monica: Well, the turkey's burnt.  Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
Ross: Here we come, walkin' down the—this doesn't smell like Mom's.
Monica: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross?  Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Joey: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Joey: You call that delicious?
Monica: Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
Phoebe: Ooh.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
Monica: Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone.
Chandler: Shall I carve?
Rachel: By all means.
Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Ross: I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Monica:  Does anybody wanna split this with me?
Joey: Oh, I will.
Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Monica: Make a wish?
Phoebe: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
Joey: The bigger half.
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
All: That's so sweet.
Ross: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Rachel: And a crappy New Year.
Chandler: Here, here!

[Date: December 15, 1994, Session #71]

Ross: Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet.
All: Oooh!
Monica: W-wait. What is that?
Ross: 'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?
Monica: No, no, I don't.
Rachel: Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
Ross: My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Chandler: Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Monica: Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
Ross: Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
Monica: Why don't you just get a roommate?
Ross: Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe-  ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.


[Date: December 15, 1994, Session #72]

Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman.
All: Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.
Monica: So, how'd it go?
Joey: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
Ross: How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
Joey: I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Monica: So what are you gonna be?
Joey: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Rachel: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's?  Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Chandler: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Rachel: Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Phoebe: Yeah, you wish!
Chandler: It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
All: Yeah, okay. Alright.
Chandler: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
All: Woooo! Yeah!
Rachel: Phoebe, you're on.
Phoebe: Oh, oh, good.
Rachel:  Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Phoebe:  Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.  
I made a man with eyes of coal
And a smile so bewitchin',
How was I supposed to know
That my mom was dead in the kitchen?
 La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
Phoebe: 
...My mother's ashes
Even her eyelashes
Are resting in a little yellow jar,
And sometimes when it's breezy...
Phoebe: 
...I feel a little sneezy
And now I- 
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys!  Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
Max: No. No, that's- that's okay.
Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Chandler:  That guy's going home with a note!
David: Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Phoebe: Could you speak up please?
David:  Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Max: Daryl Hannah.
David: Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Max: Hard quality.
David: -hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling. 
Phoebe: Okay, we're gonna take a short break. 
Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!


[Date: December 20, 1994, Session #73]

Ross: Come here, Marcel. Sit here. 
Rachel: Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Ross: Just a smidge.
Phoebe: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Monica: I think it's romantic.
Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Rachel: Yeah!
Phoebe: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Chandler: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Monica: What?!
Ross: C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
Chandler: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Monica: Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Chandler: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
Joey: Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.
Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Joey: Nice shoes, huh? 
Chandler: Aah, y'killing me!
Monica: Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
Ross: Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Monica: Do you always have to bring him here?
Ross: I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Chandler: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Ross: Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Chandler: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.


[Date: December 29, 1994, Session #74]

Ross: So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Monica: I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Chandler: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Monica: Yeah.
Joey: You know more than one Fun Bobby?
Chandler: I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Rachel:  Okay, here we go...
Joey: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
Rachel:  There. Now there is.
Ross: Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Joey: Uh, four.
Ross: Four.
Rachel: Five.
Ross: Five. 
Rachel: Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Joey: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Ross: Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Ross: Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Monica: What's the matter?
Ross: Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Chandler: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Ross: Really.
Chandler: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Ross: What, uh... what juggling thing?
Chandler: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Ross: No.
Chandler: Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Max: Phoebe. Hi.
Phoebe: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Max: No. Have you seen David?
Phoebe: No, no, he hasn't been around.
Max: Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Phoebe: Minsk?
Max: Minsk. It's in Russia.
Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.
Max: We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.
Phoebe: So when, when do you leave?
Max: January first.


[Date: December 31, 1994, Session #75]

Janice: I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow! 
Chandler: You remember Janice.
Monica: Vividly.
Monica: Hi.
Sandy: Hi, I'm Sandy.
Joey: Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! ...You brought your kids.
Sandy: Yeah. That's okay, right?
Ross: Par-tay!
Monica: That thing is not coming in here.
Ross: 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Monica: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Ross: Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Monica: Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Ross: Thank you.  C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling?  Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
Monica: Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Rachel: Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Phoebe: And then... your face is bloated?
Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party?  Are people eating my dip?
Sandy: Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
Joey: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Sandy: Yeah.
Joey: Hey, kids...
Ross:  Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Janice:  There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!
Chandler:  But you found me!
Janice: Here, Ross, take our picture.  Smile! You're on Janice Camera!
Chandler: Kill me. Kill me now.
Monica: Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
Fun Bobby: Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Joey:  Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Fun Bobby: It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Janice:  Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.
Chandler: Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Janice: Oh, no. Oh, no.
Chandler: I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Janice: Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me. 
Chandler: Oh, will you give me the thing. 
Phoebe: Hi, Max!
Max: Yoko.  I've decided to go to Minsk without you.
David: Wow.
Max: It won't be the same- but it'll still be Minsk. Happy New Year.
Phoebe: Are you alright?
David: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Phoebe: You're going to Minsk.
David: No, I'm... not going to Minsk.
Phoebe: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
David: Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say  'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
David: Uh, ow.
Phoebe: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me.  And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
David: I'll never forget you.
Phoebe: And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it.  I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Dick Clark:  Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
Joey: There y'go, kids.
Chandler:  And then the peacock bit me.  Please kiss me at midnight. 
Joey: You seen Sandy?
Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Rachel: Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
All:  What?
Rachel: The bll is drrbing!
Dick Clark:  In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...
Chandler: And the moment of joy is upon us.
Joey: Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
Phoebe: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Monica: Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
Chandler: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. 
Phoebe: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Rachel: I can't kiss anyone.
Monica: So I'm kissing everyone?
Joey: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
Ross: Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
Chandler: Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Joey: Alrightalrightalright.  There.


[Date: January 1, 1994, Session #76]

Ross:  I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Rachel: ...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.

[Date: January 2, 1994, Session #77]

Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Monica: He doesn't have anyone.
Phoebe: Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.
Joey: I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Rachel: Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! 
Jay Leno:  Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
Chandler: Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Rachel: No way, forget it.
Joey: C'mon, she's your mom!
Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Rachel: Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Chandler: Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Ross: C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
Chandler: You can say that because she's not your mom.
Ross: Oh, please...
Paolo: Bona sera.
Rachel: Oh, hi sweetie. 
Ross: When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
Monica: Last night.
Ross: Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
Phoebe: Hey hey hey! She's on!
Paolo: Ah! Nora Bing!
Jay Leno:  ...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?
Phoebe: Your mom was arrested?
Chandler: Shhh, busy beaming with pride.
Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man...
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
All: Shhh.
Mrs. Bing:  ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.
Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Jay Leno:  Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
Mrs. Bing:  Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
All: Awww!
Chandler: This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
Jay Leno:  Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad...
Mrs. Bing:  Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
Chandler: ...And then he burst into flames.


[Date: January 9, 1994, Session #78]

Mrs. Bing: I am famished. What do I want... 
Chandler: Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
Mrs. Bing: Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?
Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Ross:  What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug.  Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Chandler: I know I am.
Mrs. Bing: Who's doing shots?
Monica: Yeah.
Phoebe: I'm in.
Mrs. Bing: There y'go. Ross?
Ross: Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
Rachel: Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Ross: ...But a man can change. 
Ross: Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Rachel: Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Mrs. Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Chandler: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Mrs. Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226?
Mrs. Bing: You okay there, slugger?
Ross: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. 
Mrs. Bing: What is with you tonight?
Ross: Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing.
Mrs. Bing:  Okay, thank you.  It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.
Ross: No. It's the one he's licking.
Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.
Ross: You're good.
Mrs. Bing: Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
Ross: The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Ross: When?
Mrs. Bing: He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.
Ross: The guy on the cover with his nipples showing?
Mrs. Bing: No, it's you!
Ross: Please.
Mrs. Bing: No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
Ross: Right.
Mrs. Bing: You are gonna be fine, believe me.
Ross: Uh-oh...
Joey: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.


[Date: January 10, 1994, Session #79]

Ross: Hey, is Chandler here?
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell...  Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Joey: Right. No big deal.
Ross: Okay.
Joey: In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
Ross: What code?
Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?
Ross: Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
Joey: Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
Ross: No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
Joey: Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. 
Ross: Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.
Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?
Ross: I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...
Joey: You don't think my mom's sexy?
Ross: Well... not in the same way...
Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Ross: Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: What're you guys doing out here?
Ross: Well, not playing raquetball!
Joey: He forgot to leave his grip size!
Ross: He didn't get the goggles!
Rachel: Well,sounds like you two have issues.
Rachel: Goodbye, baby.
Paolo: Ciao, bela.
Ross: Do they wait for me to do this?
Joey: So are you gonna tell him?
Ross: Why would I tell him?
Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Ross: Oh...
Monica:  What are you guys doing here?
Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!
Monica: ...What did I ask?


[Date: January 10, 1994, Session #80]

Chandler: Oh my God.
Ross: You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
Chandler: I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Ross: Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh...  I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
Chandler: What?
Ross: I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
Chandler:  You knew about this?
Joey: Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.
Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Ross: Thanks, man, big help.
Chandler:  I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Ross: I wasn't- I mean, I-
Chandler: Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Ross: I know-
Chandler: I can't believe you did this. 
Ross: Chandler-
Joey: Me neither, y'know what-
Chandler: I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Joey: What are you mad at me for?!
Ross: Chandler-
Chandler: You gotta let me slam the door! 
Joey:  Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did!  See what happens when you break the code?
Ross: Joey-
Joey: Ah!  Huh? 


[Date: January 11, 1994, Session #81]

Monica: Hey.
Rachel: Hey.
Monica:  'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Rachel: Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Monica:  Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Phoebe:  Hey Rach.
Rachel: Hey.
Phoebe: Hello.
Monica: Hello.
Phoebe: Going to the hospital tonight?
Monica: No, you?
Phoebe: No, you?
Monica: You just asked me.
Phoebe: Okay, maybe it was a trick question.  Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Rachel: Okay.  I am so hot!
Joey:  Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Ross: I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
Joey: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Rachel:  Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me.  'Kay. 
You don't have to be awake to be my man,
As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand.
Though we just met the other day,
There's something I have got to say...
 Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break! 
Rachel:  Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!
Chandler: What was that?
Ross: Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...
Chandler: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? 
Joey:  Mother-Kisser...  I'll shut up.
Ross: Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Chandler: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Ross: Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
Chandler: Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
Ross:  We're rehearsing a Greek play.
Chandler: That's very funny. We done now?
Ross: No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Ross: Okay, 'you' can't, or  you can't?  Okay, that's my finger.  That's, that's my knee.  Still doing the play. Aaah!


[Date: January 11, 1994, Session #82]

Mrs. Bing: Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. 
Chandler: You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
Mrs. Bing:  O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Chandler: Really stupid.
Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Chandler: Yeah. No. No...
Ross: Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
Joey: Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Ross: You're kidding.
Joey: No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Ross: Wow!
Joey: Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
Ross: 'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
Joey: That makes more sense.
Ross: So, what's going on now?
Joey: I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you!  I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. 
Ross: Whaddya see?
Joey: Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Mrs. Bing: You okay, kiddo?
Chandler: Yeah, okay.
Mrs. Bing: Alright. 
Chandler: Nice save.
Ross:  Mrs. Bing.
Mrs. Bing: Mr. Geller.
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: You mean that?
Chandler: Yeah, why not.  So I told her.
Ross: Yeah? How'd it go?
Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
Ross: Well, howdya feel?
Chandler: Pretty good! I told her.
Ross: Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh?  But.. we don't have to go down that road.


[Date: January 11, 1994, Session #83]

Rachel: Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Monica: What's a 'niffle'?
Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Rachel: Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
Ross: Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
Rachel: Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
All: Nooo!

[Date: January 12, 1995, Session #84]

Monica: Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna.  Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Joey: Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Ross: Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! 
Phoebe: Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. 
Chandler: And, we're done with the yogurt. 
Phoebe:  Sorry. 
Monica: Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas?  Nice talk, Aunt Syl.  You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big?  This is your baby.  Hi Daddy!
Ross:  Hello!
Joey:  How come you don't live with Mommy?  How come Mommy lives with that other lady?  What's a lesbian? 
Rachel: Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos 
Paolo: Ah, poke  a  nose, mmm 
Joey, Chandler, and Ross:  Mma, Mma, Mmaah
Monica: So, did I hear Poconos?
Rachel: Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Phoebe: Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
Monica: Yeah, that's a big step.
Rachel: I know...
Chandler:  Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Ross: Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
Rachel: I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Ross: ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration?  I could call immigration!


[Date: January 12, 1995, Session #85]

Carol: Hey hey, come on in!
Ross: Hey, hello! mmwa!  I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Carol: Oh great! Is it vegetarian, 'cause Susan doesn't eat meat.
Ross:  I'm pretty sure that it is...
Carol: So, I got the results of the amnio today.
Ross:  Oh, tell me, tell me, is everything, uhh....?
Carol: Totally and completely healthy!
Ross: Oh, that's great, that is great! 
Ross: Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
Carol: Uh, that's our friend Tanya.
Ross:  Of course it's your friend Tanya. 
Carol: Don't you want to know about the sex?
Ross:  The sex?  Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Carol: The sex of the baby, Ross.
Ross: Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!
Carol: Do you want to know?
Ross: No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is!  Or isn't...
Susan: Oh, hello Ross!
Ross: Susan...
Susan: So, so, did you hear?
Ross: Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!
Susan: Oh, that's so...  It really is...do we know...?
Carol: Yes, we certainly do, it's going to be...
Ross:  Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!
Susan: Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?
Carol: Mm-hmmm 
Ross: Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be?
Carol and Susan: It's a...
Ross:  No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
Carol: Well, thanks for the books.
Ross: No problem, ok, mmmwa  oh, mmmwa  Susan... 
Susan: All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona? 
Carol: Hello?
Ross:  Uh, never mind, I don't want to know. 


[Date: January 13, 1995, Session #86]

Rachel:  I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
Monica: And Monica knows...
Ross: Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
Monica: Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
Joey: So what's it gonna be? 
Ross: Wait—oh—hey—huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!
Monica: I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
Joey: Or an uncle...
Joey and Chandler: Hey Phoebe!
Ross: Hi Pheebs!
Rachel: Pheebs!
Phoebe: Fine!
Monica: Phoebe, what's the matter?
Phoebe: Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
Customer: Hey, can we get some cappuccino over here?
Rachel: Oh, right, that's me!
Joey: Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.
Chandler: Fine. 
Monica: Phoebe, what is it?
Phoebe: All right, you know Paolo?
Ross: I'm familiar with his work, yes...
Phoebe: Well, he made a move on me.
Joey: Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!
Chandler: More coffee over here, please!


[Date: January 13, 1995, Session #87]

Monica: Well, what happened?
Phoebe: Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until. 
Joey and Chandler:  Ooooohh!
Ross: My God.
Monica: Are you sure?
Phoebe: Oh yeah, I'm sure.  And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. 
Monica: Was it...?
Phoebe: Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
Guys: Oooooo....
Rachel: "Ooo," what?
Phoebe: Uma Thurman.
Monica: Oh!
Ross: The actress!
Ross: Thanks Rach.
Chandler: So what are you gonna do?
Ross: You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? 
Chandler: Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
Joey: Feminist issue. That's where I went!
Phoebe: She is gonna hate me.
Ross: Yeah, well...


[Date: January 14, 1995, Session #88]

Chandler: So, what do you think?
Ross: I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
Chandler: I know!
Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Joey: Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
Monica: Heads up Ross!  Score!  You suck!


[Date: January 14, 1995, Session #89]

Phoebe: I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Monica: We should get over there and see if she's okay.  Just one...second! Score!  Game! Come on. 
Ross:  Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.
Joey: No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Ross: Come on, two on one.
Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Ross: What, now?
Joey: Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! 


[Date: January 14, 1995, Session #90]

Paolo: No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
Ross:  How's it going?
Monica: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
Phoebe: Ooh!
Paolo: Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Phoebe: Oh, ok bye-bye.
Monica: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel,  but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Paolo: Grazie.
Ross: Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... 
Phoebe: Oh, just look at her... 
Ross: Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Monica: Oh, you're right.
Ross:  ...and I really think it should be me.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: You all right?
Rachel: Ooh, I've been better...
Ross: Come here.  Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Rachel: Oh, Ross...
Ross: What?
Rachel: I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. 
Ross: Huh.
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great!
Ross: Ohhhh 
Monica: Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
Rachel: Oh...
Phoebe: You ok?
Rachel: ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Phoebe: Yep!
Ross: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Rachel: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Ross: Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Rachel: No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Ross:  What?
Rachel: What?
Ross: I-I'm, I'm having a boy?
Rachel: Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Ross: Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy!  Huh, am I having a boy?
Girls: Yes, you're having a boy! 
Ross: I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy!
Chandler: Wha-
Joey: Wha-
Joey and Chandler: What is it?
Ross: I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey and Chandler: We already knew that! 
Ross: I'm having a son. Um...


[Date: January 19, 1995, Session #91]

Phoebe: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Roger: That's pretty much it.
Phoebe: Oops!
Roger: But you tell it really well, sweetie.
Phoebe: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Roger: Okay. I'll miss you.
Phoebe: Isn't he great?
Rachel: He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Phoebe: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Monica: So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Rachel: Okaaay.  Any of you guys want anything else?
Chandler: Oh, yes, could I have one of those. 
Rachel: No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Chandler: Okay.
Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Chandler: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Ross: You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Chandler: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Rachel: Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Rachel: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Chandler: Okaaay,  rock, hard place, me.
Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Chandler: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Roger: Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Chandler: Huh.
Roger: I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Roger: It's textbook.
Joey: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
All: Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Monica: Hey, how long are you in the city?
Mr. Tribbiani: Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry.  I don't know this one.
Phoebe: Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Roger: Hi.
Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, hey. Good to meet you, Roger.
Roger: You too, sir.
Mr. Tribbiani:  What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Joey: Dad, dad. 
Mr. Tribbiani: Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife?  Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!


[Date: January 23, 1995, Session #92]

Joey: It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A.  That'd be cool.... This blows!
Rachel: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents?  Why do they have to become people? Why do they have...  Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Chandler:  What?  What?
Rachel: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Ross: Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
Chandler: Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Rachel: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Chandler: Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
Monica: Hello?
Phoebe:  It's Phoebe.
Roger:  And Rog.
Monica: C'mon up.
Chandler:  Oh, good. Rog is here.
Joey: What's the matter with Rog?
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Ross: What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
Ross: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Roger: I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.
Ross: Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
Roger: I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
Monica: Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
Roger: Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
Ross: That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Monica: Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
Phoebe: Isn't he good?
Ross: Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Monica: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Ross: Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
Rachel: You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Roger: That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Roger: Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
Monica: You're welcome.
Roger: Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
Monica: Hate that guy! 


[Date: January 27, 1995, Session #93]

All: Hey, Pheebs.
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: How's it going?
Phoebe: Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
Phoebe: So what's going on?
Monica: Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.
Ross: I dunno, there's just something about...
Chandler: Basically we just feel that he's...
Rachel: We hate that guy.
All: Yeah. Hate him.
Ross: We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
All: ...No, we hate him.
Rachel: We're sorry.


[Date: January 27, 1995, Session #94]

Monica: So you talked to your dad, huh.
Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Rachel: Wow.
Chandler: Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Ross: So Joey, you okay?
Joey: Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Rachel: Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Phoebe:  Hey.
All: Hey, Pheebs.
Monica: How's it going?
Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
All: Awww.
Phoebe: Yeah, right.
All: Aaawwwwww!!
Rachel: What happened?
Phoebe: I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!


[Date: February 13, 1995, Session #95]

Joey: I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.
Ross: She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.
Chandler: Any contact?
Ross: She lent me an egg once.
Joey: You're in!
Ross: Aw, right.
Woman: Hi, Ross.
Ross: Hey. 
Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian—I don't think we need a third...
Joey: Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Ross: An egg?
Joey: Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Chandler: I think it's winning.
Ross: I think it's insane.
Chandler: She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.
Joey: Think it'll work?
Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.


[Date: February 13, 1995, Session #96]

Monica: You can not do this.
Rachel: Do what, do what?
Monica: Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Monica: But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Joey: No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Joey: Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Ross: Hi. She said yes.
Chandler: Yes! Way to go, man!  Still got the egg, huh?


[Date: February 14, 1995, Session #97]

Ross: I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
Kristin: That's funny. Who are they?
Ross: The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
Kristin: You mean they're lovers.
Ross: If you wanna put a label on it.
Kristin: Wow, uh, anything else I should know?
Ross: Nope, nope, that's it.
Ross: Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part.  Helloo!


[Date: February 14, 1995, Session #98]

Ross: So, um, what do you do for a living?
Kristin: Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.....which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.
Carol: Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.
Susan: I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry. 
Ross: Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Kristin:  I guess.
Ross: Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Carol: Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.
Ross: Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin......does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!


[Date: February 14, 1995, Session #99]

Carol: It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.
Ross: You did so. I swear, I swear— How long has she been in the bathroom?
Carol: Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.
Ross: Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Carol: That could be it.
Ross: Oh, god.  You know, this is still pretty hot. 
Carol: Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
Ross: No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Carol: Oh, I love you too. But...
Ross: No but, no but.
Carol: You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
Ross: That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
Carol: All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.
Carol: Not her.


[Date: February 16, 1995, Session #100]

Rachel:  Coffee. 
Joey: Thank you.
Rachel:  Cappuccino. 
Ross: Grazie.
Rachel: And a nice hot cider for Monica. 
Monica: Aww, thank you.  Uh Rach?
Rachel: Yeah?
Monica: Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Rachel: Oh! That's why.  I'm sorry!


[Date: February 16, 1995, Session #101]

Phoebe: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Chandler: Hey!
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Ross: What's going on?
All: What is it?
Chandler: So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
All: That's great!
Chandler: So.... I quit.
All: Why?
Chandler: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Monica: Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Phoebe: So was it a lot more money?
Chandler: It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Rachel: ... the WENUS?
Chandler: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Rachel:  Oh. That WENUS.
Joey: So what're you going to do?
Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Phoebe: Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve?  Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Monica:  Um... hi there.
Phoebe: Hi!  Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Chandler: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Phoebe:  Yeah, yeah!
Monica: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Monica:  Oh my God!
Phoebe: Yeah, I know!  So, what do you think?
Chandler: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Phoebe: OK.  Oh Monica! Guess what!


[Date: February 17, 1995, Session #102]

Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Rachel: No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo.  I added the "a-gogo."
Rachel: Career counselor?
Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Rachel: I don't!
Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Ross: Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech.
Monica: Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
Phoebe: Ooh! Brian's Song!
Rachel: The meeting with the guy went great?
Monica: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Monica: So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Rachel: What are you going to make?
Phoebe:  Yummy noises.
Rachel:  And Monica, what are you going to make?
Monica: I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Phoebe: Ooh! I know what you could make!  I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff?  You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. 
Ross: Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Ross: OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Chandler: Who are you going out with?
Phoebe: Oh, is this the bug lady?
Rachel:  Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Ross: Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Rachel: So what are you guys going to do?
Ross: Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Chandler: And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Joey:  So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe...  huh-huh?
Ross: Well, I don't know....  huh-huh.... but I'm hoping  huh-huh.
Joey: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.


[Date: February 17, 1995, Session #103]

Ross: Celia, don't worry!  Don't scream!  He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
Celia: I can't stand this! He's got his claws in my...
Ross: Alright... 


[Date: February 17, 1995, Session #104]

Celia: Talk to me.
Ross: OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
Celia: No no no. Talk... dirty.
Ross:  Wha... what, here?
Celia: Yes...
Ross: Ah....
Celia: Say something..... hot.
Ross:  Er.... um.....
Celia: What?
Ross: Um... uh.... vulva.


[Date: February 18, 1995, Session #105]

Joey:  Vulva?
Ross: Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Joey:  Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Ross: Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Ross:  Please be kidding.
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Ross: OK.  I'm in my apartment...
Joey: ....yeah... what else?
Ross: That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. 
Joey:  Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
Ross: Joey, please.
Joey: Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look!  Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Ross:  Wow.
Joey: Alright, now you say something.
Ross: I... ahem... I really don't think so.
Joey: Come on! You like this woman, right?
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: You want to see her again, right?
Ross: Sure.
Joey: Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Ross: OK, turn around.  I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Joey:  Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
Ross: Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
Joey: There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
Ross: I, er...
Ross: I want to take my tongue... and...
Ross: ....and....
Joey: Say it... say it!
Ross: ...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...
Chandler: ....with??
Ross:  Funny story!
Joey: You're not going to believe this!
Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Joey: Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Chandler: Again?
Joey: And again, and again, and again...  Hello?  And again.
Chandler:  Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor?  Yeah, I miss you too.  Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know?  Well, that's very generous  er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about....  And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier?  Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection!  No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy!  I'll see you on Monday! 


[Date: February 18, 1995, Session #106]

Joey: What a tool!
Rachel: You don't want to work for a guy like that.
Ross: Yeah!
Monica: I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
Ross: Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
Joey:  So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Ross: Oh, I was unbelievable.
Joey: All right, Ross!
Ross: I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Joey: Whoa! And the...  huh-huh?
Ross: Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
Joey: You cuddled.
Ross: Yeah, which was nice.
Phoebe: You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
Rachel: Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?


[Date: February 23, 1995, Session #107]

Ross: I don’t know whether he’s testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
Rachel: No, yeah, I’ve done that.
Ross: And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
Rachel: I’ve never done that.
Chandler: All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn’t look exactly like her sister.
Joey: I’m sayin’ I see a difference.
Chandler: They’re twins!
Joey: I don’t care. Phoebe’s Phoebe. Ursula’s... hot!
Chandler: You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: Let’s not do that any more.
All: Hey guys! Hey!
Joey: Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
Joey: Nope.
Phoebe: Morly Safer.
Joey: Nope.
Phoebe: The woman who cuts my hair!
Monica: Okay, look, this could be a really long game.
Chandler: Your sister Ursula.
Phoebe:  Oh, really.
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...
Phoebe: Rift’s. Yeah, I know.
Chandler: Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven’t talked in like years.
Phoebe: Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?
Joey: Not from where I was standin’.
Phoebe:  where were you standing?
Rachel: Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just don’t get along?
Phoebe: It’s mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Ross: Oh, Pheebs, I’m sorry, I’ve got to go. I’ve got Lamaze class.
Chandler: Oh, and I’ve got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Rachel: So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
Ross: No, Susan’s gonna be there too. We’ve got dads, we’ve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Rachel: Well, isn’t, isn’t that gonna be weird?
Ross: No, no.  I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I’m pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Monica: Ross, that’s my jacket.
Ross: I know.


[Date: February 23, 1995, Session #108]

Woman: Hi, we’re the Rostins. Err, I’m J.C., and he’s Michael, and we’re having a boy, and a girl.
Teacher: Good for you. Alrighty, next?
Ross: Hi, um, I’m err,  I’m Ross Geller, and err ah...  ..that’s, that’s my boy in there, and uh,  this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carol’s, just, com...  ..who’s next?
Teacher: I’m sorry, I didn’t get... Susan is?
Ross: Susan is Carol’s, Carol’s, Carol’s, friend...
Carol: Life partner.
Ross: Like buddies.
Susan: Like lovers.
Ross: You know how close women can get.
Carol: Susan and I live together.
Ross: Although I was married to her.
Susan: Carol, not me.
Ross: Err, right.
Carol: It’s a little complicated.
Ross: A little.
Susan: But we’re fine.
Ross: Absolutely.  So, twins... hah! That’s like two births.  Ouch.


[Date: February 24, 1995, Session #109]

Chandler: It’s not just that she’s cute, okay. It’s just that... she’s really really cute.
Ross: It doesn’t matter. You don’t dip your pen in the company ink.
Monica: Ross, your little creature’s got the remote again.
Ross: Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Monica: Great.
Ross: Relax, I’ll fix it.
Rachel:  Cool... "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel."
Ross:  How did he do this?
Chandler:  So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Monica: Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Year’s... but obviously someone forgot.
Rachel: Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate...  How long has that been there?
Chandler: Hey, where you been?
Joey: I went back to Riff’s. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
Chandler: Score.
Joey: She is so hot!
Chandler: Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err... 
Joey: Pheebs?
Phoebe:  Yeah?
Joey: You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?
Phoebe: Why? Why would you wanna... do that?  Why?
Joey: So that if we went out on a date, she’d be there.
Phoebe: Well, I mean, I’m not my sister’s, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, it’s true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, we’ve grown apart, so, um... I don’t know, why not? Okay.
Joey: Cool, thanks.
Ross: You okay?
Phoebe: Yeah I’m fine.
Ross: You wanna watch Laverne y Shirley?


[Date: February 25, 1995, Session #110]

Ross: Sorry.
Ross: Hi. Sorry I’m late. Where’s, where’s Carol?
Susan: Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I’ll get the information.
Ross: No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know what’s going on.
Susan: Oh, good. This’ll be fun.
Teacher: Alrighty. We’re gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why don’t you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummy’s head.
Ross and Susan: What? What? What?
Susan: I am supposed to be the mommy?
Ross: Okay, I’m gonna play my sperm card one more time.
Susan: Look, I don’t see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I’m a woman.
Ross: I see. So what do you propose to do?
Susan: I will flip you for it.
Ross: Flip me for it? No, no, no... heads, heads, heads!
Susan:  On your back... Mom.
Teacher: Alright, Mommies, take a nice deep cleansing breath.
Teacher: Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower.


[Date: February 27, 1995, Session #111]

Soothing male voice: ..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.
Teacher: Lights please? And that’s having a baby. Next week is our final class.
Ross: Susan, go deep.
Carol: This is impossible. It’s just impossible.
Susan: What is, honey?
Carol: What that woman... did. I am not doin’ that. It’s just gonna have to stay in, that’s all, everything will be the same, it’ll just stay in.
Ross: Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everything’s gonna be alright.
Carol:  Oh, what do you know?  No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril?  Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
Susan: Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
Susan: I know it’s frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when it’s over, we’re all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Susan: I mean, that’s what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?


[Date: February 27, 1995, Session #112]

Ross: I’m gonna be a father.
Rachel: This is just occurring to you?
Ross: I always knew I was havin’ a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.
Rachel:  Oh, you’re gonna be great!
Ross: Aw, how can you say that? I can’t even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Chandler: You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Phoebe: Where’re you going?
Joey: Out.
Phoebe: With?
Joey:  Yes.
Phoebe: Alright, could I just ask you one question?
Phoebe: Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Joey: Well, not that it’s any of your business, but, no, we haven’t, okay?
Joey: You meant sex, right?


[Date: February 28, 1995, Session #113]

Chandler: Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Rachel: Oh, how’d she take it?
Chandler: Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing.  Little tip: if you’re ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand...  ..on the desk.
Monica: Okay, I think I get how to do this.
Phoebe: Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I can’t, I can’t watch.
Monica:  okay, Pheebs, they’re gone.
Phoebe: Okay.
Monica: Are you alright?
Phoebe: Yeah. It’s just, you know, it’s this whole stupid Ursula thing, it’s...
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he’s going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Phoebe: Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I’m not saying she’s like evil or anything. She just, you know, she’s always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldn’t let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Monica and Rachel:  No.
Phoebe: Well, but that’s what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldn’t even talk to me any more. Because he said he didn’t wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Rachel: Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Phoebe: I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Chandler: You’re not gonna lose him.
Monica: Hon, you gotta talk to Joey.
Phoebe: Yeah. Okay.
Ross: No, come on, he doesn’t know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.
Phoebe: But he’s falling in love with her.
Rachel: Oh please, they’ve been going out a week. They haven’t even slept together yet, I mean, that’s not serious.
Phoebe: Okay... Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, oh.
Ursula:  Oh.
Ursula: Yeah, um, may we help you?


[Date: February 28, 1995, Session #114]

Ross: I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.
Chandler and Joey: That's nice.
Ross: No, no, with him.  I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
Joey: Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.
Ross: Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.
Chandler: What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Joey: He should take the sack?
Ross: Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
Chandler: Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Joey: Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
Joey: Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Chandler: Well, only if you order stuff.
Joey: I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.
Ross: Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?
Joey: When's that?
Ross: Tonight.
Joey: Oh, man. What're the odds of that happening?
Ross: You take your time.
Chandler: There it is! So what're you gonna do?
Joey: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
Chandler: And your friend Phoebe?
Joey: Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
Chandler: Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.


[Date: February 28, 1995, Session #115]

Rachel: ..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Monica: Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Rachel: Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
Monica: I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Rachel: What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors,  cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Chandler: Alright, what have we learned so far?
The Whole Party:  SURPRISE!!!
Ross: What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Rachel: Was that the cake?
Ross: Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.
Monica: Come on, she'll be here any minute.
Rachel: I hope it's okay.
Monica: Oh...
Chandler:  "Happy Birthday Peehe."
Monica: Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses.
Ross:  Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.
Phoebe: Hey, what's going on?
Ross: Oh, we just...
Phoebe's Friends:  Surprise!
Phoebe:  oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi!  You found Betty! Oh my god!  This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room,  Where's Joey?
Chandler: Did you see Betty?


[Date: March 1, 1995, Session #116]

Mr. Geller: I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
Ross: Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
Mr. Geller: I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
Ross: Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Mr. Geller: No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Ross: No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.
Mr. Geller: 'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Ross: Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
Mr. Geller: Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
Mr. Geller: So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?
Ross: No, we can go to Williamsburg.
Mr. Geller: Eat your fish.


[Date: March 2, 1995, Session #117]

Rachel:  Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business!  ...dead!
Monica: Ross, he's got the remote again.
Ross: Good. Maybe he can switch it back.
Ross: Maybe not.
Rachel: Hello?  Um, yeah, uh,  Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
Rachel: It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
Rachel and Monica: Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?
Monica: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
Rachel: Okay  no, you do it.
Monica:  Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh...  Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you. 
Rachel: What?
Monica: We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.
Rachel: Ohhh...  Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.
Monica: Thank you.
Rachel: Okay, let me just change.
Monica: Yes.
Joey:  Hey.
Ross and Chandler: Hey!
Monica: Hi.
Phoebe: Trouble?
Joey: Your sister stood me up the other night.
Phoebe: Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?
Ross: Well did you try calling her?
Joey: I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.


[Date: March 2, 1995, Session #118]

Chandler: Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Ross: Uh-huh.
Chandler: Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Ross: Do you have a point?
Chandler: You know, you think I would.
Chandler: What's up with the simian?
Ross: It's just a fur ball.
Chandler: Okay...  ..whose turn is it?
Ross: Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.
Chandler: No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.
Ross: I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'?


[Date: March 2, 1995, Session #119]

Ross: You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'!
Nurse:  You go get that animal outta here.
Ross: No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
Monica: What's goin' on?
Chandler: Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Rachel: Oh.
Nurse: Excuse me... This hospital is for people!
Ross: Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!
Dr. Mitchell: I'll take a look at him.
Rachel and Monica: Oh, thank you.
Monica: Michael.
Dr. Mitchell: Rachel.
Rachel: What?
Monica:  Monica.
Rachel:  Oh.
Monica:  Hi.
Rachel:  Hi.


[Date: March 2, 1995, Session #120]

Ross: He looks so tiny.
Joey: We just got the message.
Phoebe: Is he alright?
Ross: Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.
Chandler: We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.'
Ross: Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.
Chandler:  So, you feel like a dad yet?
Ross: No, why?
Chandler: Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
Monica: Oh, look, he's waking up!
Ross:  hey, fella! How you doing?


[Date: March 2, 1995, Session #121]

Ross: Aqui est�. 
Monica: �A qui�n pidio el pollo General Tso? 
Chandler: �Pudo aver sido General Tso! 
Rachel: �Mira, mira, el viejo desnudo est� haciendo el hula hoop! 
All:�Ewww! 
All: �Hola, Joey! 
Joey: �Hola, amigos! 
Monica: Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto. 
Ross: �Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele! 

[Date: March 3, 1995, Session #122]

Ross: Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.
Monica: Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?
Chandler: Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
Rachel: Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'
Ross: Rach, did you proofread these?
Rachel: Uh... yeah, why?
Ross: Uh, nothing, I'm sure they'll be impressed with your excellent compuper skills.
Rachel:  Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?
Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few.


[Date: March 4, 1995, Session #123]

Monica: Hey, guys.
Chandler and Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
Monica: Lots of responses.
Rachel: : Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
Phoebe: : Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... 
Rachel: : We have apple cinnamon...
Monica: : OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No. 
Phoebe: Wow!
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: : Your Visa bill is huge!
Rachel:  Give me that!
Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Ross: I don't know.
Chandler: Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Ross: No, it's not just that. It's just—I want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh... 
Chandler: ...little playthings with yarn?
Ross: What?
Chandler: Could you want her more?
Ross: Who?
Chandler:  Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
Ross: Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... : Hiiii!
Rachel: Hi! How are you?
Ross: We're fine, we're fine.
Rachel: OK. 
Joey: Shut up!
Chandler: We're not—we're not saying anything.
Phoebe: What?
Ross: Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.
Joey: Thank you.
Chandler:  We were playing poker, alright...
Joey: There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Ross: Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'
Chandler: And then he did.
Rachel: Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Ross: No, women are welcome to play.
Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Chandler: There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Girls: Oh, yeah, right.
Monica: Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
Rachel: Really.
Monica: I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Ross: Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?
Girls: No.
Rachel: But you could teach us.
Guys: No.


[Date: March 4, 1995, Session #124]

Chandler:  OK, so now we draw cards.
Monica: So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Rachel: Oh, good for you!
Phoebe: Congratulations!
Chandler: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Phoebe: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Ross: No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can't—you can't do...
Rachel: Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! 
Ross: No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Rachel: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Ross: Oh, you're... 
Monica: Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Phoebe and Rachel: OOooooo!
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
Chandler:  OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Monica: Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
Ross: Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
Phoebe: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
Chandler: OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson.  Joey... three... eight. Eight... three.  Alright babe, deal the cards.
Monica:  Dammit, dammit, dammit!
Phoebe: : Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
Joey: About what?
Phoebe: About how good your cards were.
Joey: Heh... I was bluffing.
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Rachel: OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... 
Guys: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Chandler: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Rachel: Settle what?
Chandler: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Ross: The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Rachel: Oh. Right.
Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Monica: Hell no, we'll pay!
Phoebe: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Monica: And you know what? We want a rematch.
Ross: Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Rachel: : So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Ross: ...Yeah.
Chandler: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Ross: Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt... 
Joey: ...Yeah?
Ross: I'm not a nice guy.


[Date: March 4, 1995, Session #125]

Ross: Alright boys, let's eat.
Chandler: Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Ross: You still on that?
Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Ross: You are way off, pal.
Joey: No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.
Ross: Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one time—not any more. I just—I...
Ross: Marcel! Where are you going with that disc?
Ross: You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK—if you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.


[Date: March 5, 1995, Session #126]

Phoebe: Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
Ross: Alright.
Ross: I'm gonna pay for that tonight.
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Rachel: Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and—oh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
All: That's great! That's wonderful!
Rachel: Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
Monica: OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Joey: Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Monica: Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
Phoebe and Rachel: Yes, we should. I think we should.
Ross: Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?
Rachel: No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
Ross: Alright.
Rachel: Alright... 


[Date: March 5, 1995, Session #127]

Ross: So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Phoebe: Alright, here's my $7.50.  But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Joey: What?
Phoebe: Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Ross: Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Rachel: Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. 
Monica: You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Rachel: Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.


[Date: March 6, 1995, Session #128]

Ross: So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Rachel: Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Monica: OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Phoebe:  Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go.  Right, OK, serious poker.
Monica: Excuse me, where are you going?
Ross: Uh... to the bathroom.
Monica: Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Ross: I want to go to the bathroom. 
Joey: Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. 
Rachel: Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
Joey: That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Monica: Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante. 
Phoebe:  Yes!  .... or no.
Ross: Alright. : Your money's mine, Green.
Rachel: Your fly is open, Geller. 
Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Chandler: Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Joey: Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
Phoebe: Yeah. Um... I'm out. 
Rachel: I'm in.
Monica: Me too.
Joey: Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Ross: Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. 
Rachel: Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes!  I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what?  I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile.  I think that one was Ross's, and I think—oh—that one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Rachel: And your fly's still open...
Rachel: Ha, I made you look....
Rachel: I couldn't be inner. Monica?
Phoebe: Monica, in or out?
Monica:  I hate this game!
Phoebe: OK Joey, your bet.
Joey: Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face.  Oh, I'm out.
Phoebe: Ross?
Ross: Oh, I am very in.
Phoebe: Chandler?
Chandler: Couldn't be more out. 
Phoebe: Me too. Rachel.
Rachel: Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you.  What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Ross: No, not this time.  So... what'd you have?
Rachel: I'm not telling. 
Ross: Come on, show them to me. 
Rachel: No..!
Ross: Show them to me!
Rachel: Get your hands out of there! No!
Ross: Let me see! Show them!
Chandler: Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Rachel:  Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Phoebe: Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Ross: First of all, I'm not losing...
Rachel: Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. 
Ross: Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the...
Rachel:  Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
Ross:  Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
Rachel:  Excuse me.  It's about the job.
Rachel: Barbara! Hi, how are you?  Uh-huh.  No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea—Hello? Hello? 
Monica: Sorry, Rach.
Phoebe: Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Rachel: Yeah.......OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Joey: Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Rachel: Yes, we do. 
Monica: Alright, check.
Joey: Check.
Ross: I'm in for fifty cents. 
Chandler: Call.
Phoebe: I'm in.
Rachel: I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. 
Ross: I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
Rachel: Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Rachel: : Loser?
Ross: No, I fold. 
Rachel: What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
Ross: I'm in. 
Rachel: How many you want?
Ross: One. 
Rachel: Dealer takes two.  What do you bet?
Ross: I bet two dollars. 
Rachel: OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. 
Ross: I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. 
Rachel: See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse.
Monica: Rachel, there's nothing in it.
Rachel: OK, then get me your purse.
Monica: OK, here you go. Good luck.
Rachel: : Thank you. : I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
Phoebe: ...teen! 
Ross: : Joey, I'm a little shy.
Joey: That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What?
Chandler: : What do you need, what do you need?
Ross: Fifteen.
Chandler: Alright, here's ten. 
Joey: Here, I got five, I got five. 
Ross: Thank you.
Chandler: Good luck.
Ross: : OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got?
Rachel:  Full house.
Ross: You got me.
Joey: : Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.
Chandler: : I thought we had them!
Ross: Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know.  But, uh... look how happy she is. 


[Date: March 6, 1995, Session #129]

Chandler: Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
Rachel: Oh, time's up.
Monica:  Bye... bye... BIRDIE.
Joey: Oh!
Phoebe: That's a bird?
Phoebe: That's a bird!
Rachel: OK, OK, it's my turn. 
Chandler: Go.
Ross: Uh.... bean! Bean!
Joey:  The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
Rachel: Yes!
Monica: That, you get? That, you get?

[Date: March 9, 1995, Session #130]

Ross: Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice.  Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'.  'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Rachel: What?
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Ross: Really.
Rachel: No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Ross: Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Ross: Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Rachel: Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Ross: Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Monica: Hi.
Ross: ...Gets interrupted. Hi!
Rachel: Hi, how was the movie?
Monica: Wonderful!
Phoebe: So good!
Joey: Suck-fest.
Chandler: Toootal chick-flick.
Phoebe: I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Joey: Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Monica: There was nudity!
Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Ross: Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
Chandler: They're still just friends, right?
Rachel:  And I will see you tomorrow!
Ross: That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
Monica: Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Ross: 'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.


[Date: March 10, 1995, Session #131]

Chandler: I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Joey: I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Chandler: I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Ross: I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
Joey: She really said that?
Ross: Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
Joey: 'Tonight' tonight?
Ross: Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Ross: Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.


[Date: March 10, 1995, Session #132]

Rachel: Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay-  Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe?  Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh!  Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that.  Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because-  Marcel? Marc- 
Joey: How could you lose him?
Rachel: I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Monica: Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
Rachel: I don't know. The left one.
Monica: Which ones?
Rachel: Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
Phoebe:  Hey.
All: Hi.
Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Chandler: Rachel lost Marcel.
Phoebe: Oh no, how?
Monica: He- he pooped in my shoe.
Phoebe: Which one?
Monica: Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
Phoebe: No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
Rachel: C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Joey: Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Chandler: Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Rachel: Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Monica: Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Rachel: Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Monica: Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Rachel: Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
Mr. Heckles: Whaddyou want?
Monica: Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it?
Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?
Monica: No!
Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
Mr. Heckles: I wasn't ready for it.
Monica: A monkey. Have you seen a monkey?
Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...
Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. 
Mr. Heckles: You owe me a waffle.
Rachel:  Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face...  ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Ross: Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Rachel: Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Ross: Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Rachel: Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Ross: Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff?  Well-
Rachel: Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Ross: Okay, quick and painful. 
Rachel: Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Ross: Oh, what? What-what?
Rachel: Y'know Marcel?
Ross: ...Yeah?
Rachel: Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.


[Date: March 10, 1995, Session #133]

Ross:  I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
Rachel: I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Ross: No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Rachel:  Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I-  Oh! Who is it?
Intercom: Animal Control.
Rachel: See? I've even called Animal Control!
Ross: You called Animal Control?
Rachel: Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Ross: Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
Rachel: O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Ross: That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!
Rachel: Hi, thanks for coming.
Luisa:  Somebody called about a monkey?
Rachel: Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! 
Ross: Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Rachel: Turned out it was a hat.
Ross: Cat!
Rachel: Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
Monica: Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Luisa: Marcel?
Ross: My uncle Marcel.
Phoebe: Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Luisa: Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
Phoebe: Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Phoebe: Yes, but there isn't always time!
Monica: Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Luisa: Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!
Rachel: Yeah!
Luisa: Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
Rachel: Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Monica: The Luisa from home room!
Rachel: Yes!!
Luisa: You have no idea who I am, do you.
Monica: No, none at all.
Rachel: None.
Luisa: Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Monica: Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Luisa: Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems.  But you? What a bitch!
Rachel: What?!
Monica: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Luisa: I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine. 
Phoebe: Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
Chandler: Marcel?
Joey: Marcel?
Chandler: Marcel?
Joey: Marcel?
Woman No. 1: Hi, can I help you?
Chandler: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Joey: A monkey.
Chandler: Yes have you seen any?
Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
Woman No. 1: Of course.
Joey: Oh. Then, no.
Woman No. 2: Did I put too much rum in here?
Woman No. 1: Just a sec.  Hope you find your monkey. 
Chandler: Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Joey: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Chandler: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Joey: We can't, alright?  We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Chandler: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Joey: Marcel?
Chandler: Marcel?!
Phoebe: Marcel?
Monica: Marcel?
Phoebe: Marcel?
Both: Marcel?
Phoebe: Oh-my-God!
Monica: Whaaat!
Phoebe: Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Monica: What is it?
Phoebe: Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg.
Monica: Look, Phoebe!
Phoebe: Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!
Luisa: Step aside, ladies! 
Monica: What're you gonna do?
Luisa: Just a small tranquiliser.
Monica: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel!  Are you okay?
Phoebe: Yeah, think so. Oh!  Huh.  Whoah.
Monica: Oh gosh.
Ross: Marcel?
Rachel: Marcel?
Ross: Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Rachel: Ross, you don't know that.
Ross: Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village.  And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here.  Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Ross: Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Rachel: Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Ross: Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Rachel: Ross.
Ross: I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...
Rachel: Ross.
Ross: Oh, forget it, okay?
Rachel: Ross!
Ross: What? What?
Both: Hey! Hey, Bananaman!

[Date: March 10, 1995, Session #134]

Phoebe: Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Ross: Hi, did you order some bananas?
Mr. Heckles: What about it?
Ross: Gimme back my monkey.
Mr. Heckles: I don't have a monkey.
Rachel: Then what's with all the bananas?
Mr. Heckles: Potassium.
Ross: Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel?
Ross: Marcel! What've you done to him?
Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.
Ross: Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. 
Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. 
Ross: C'mere, Marcel. 
Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. 
Luisa:  Here, monkey. Here, monkey! Here, monkey!  Gotcha.
Ross: Okay, gimme my monkey back.
Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey.
Luisa: You're both gonna have to take this up with the judge.
Mr. Heckles: That's not my monkey. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back whenever.
Ross: Alright, I want my monkey.
Luisa: No!
Rachel: Oh, c'mon, Luisa!
Luisa: Sorry, prom queen.
Ross:  You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Rachel: Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Luisa: Nope.
Rachel: Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?


[Date: March 10, 1995, Session #135]

Ross: It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will.  Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Rachel: Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
Ross: Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...
Rachel: Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...
Ross: Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Rachel: That'd be good.
Ross: Alright.  The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming.  Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Barry: Rachel.
Rachel: Barry?!
Barry: I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you.
Ross and Rachel: Oh!
Ross: We have got to start locking that door!


[Date: April 6, 1995, Session #136]

Chandler: I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
Joey: No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Ross: I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
Monica:  Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Ross: I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Rachel: Oh, that is so sick.
Chandler: I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Phoebe: How can people do that?...  Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!


[Date: April 6, 1995, Session #137]

Chandler: I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Monica: So have you called her yet?
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane?  It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem?  I'm right, right?
Joey and Ross: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.
Monica: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Phoebe: Oh, God, just do it!  Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Chandler: Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat.  I got her machine.
Joey: Her answer machine?
Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Monica: Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Ross: Okay, okay, what's going on?
Phoebe: Okay, they're just talking...
Ross: Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Phoebe: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Ross: What? What? What?!
Phoebe: That man across the street just kicked that pigeon!  Oh!
Chandler:  And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
All: Oh!... Right!
Chandler: Hey Rach!
Monica: How'd it go?
Rachel: Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Phoebe: Not a good day for birds...
Rachel: Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Ross: That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Rachel: Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Ross: That's, that's nice twice!
Monica: Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Joey: Duh, where've you been?
Rachel: Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Chandler: Yes!
Rachel: Why?
Chandler: I have my reasons.
Monica: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Rachel: All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!


[Date: April 6, 1995, Session #138]

Chandler:  Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance.  Bye-bye.  Oh God!
Monica: That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!
Ross: What was with the dishes?
Chandler: Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Monica:  Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Phoebe: Oh my God!  Go away!  Stop looking in here!
Monica: Great, now he's waving back.
Joey: Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Monica: What kinda stuff?
Joey: Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Phoebe: You cook naked?
Joey: Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.


[Date: April 6, 1995, Session #139]

Chandler: Can I use your phone?
Monica: Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Joey: Maybe she never got your message.
Phoebe: Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Chandler: Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Ross: ...desperate, needy, pathetic?
Chandler: Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.
Phoebe: How many beeps?
Chandler: She answered.
Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
All: Hey! Hi!
Phoebe: How'd he take it?
Rachel: Pretty well, actually... 
Monica:  Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
Rachel: Oh, do I?
Monica: Uh huh.
Rachel:  We ended up having sex in his chair.
Monica: You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Ross: You-you had what?
Phoebe: Sex in his chair.
Ross: What, uh... what were you thinking?
Rachel: I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
Ross: No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
Rachel: Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
Chandler: If it helps, I could slide over.
Ross: It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
Phoebe: Where are you going?
Ross:  I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Chandler: Hello? Hello?
Rachel:  Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you?  Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great.  Really?  Oh.  Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and...  Okay...  Great...  Great...  All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow!  Okay..  Okay...  Bye.  Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Chandler: So how's Mindy?
Rachel: Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry...  Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!


[Date: April 7, 1995, Session #140]

Ross: Four letters: "Circle or hoop".
Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!
Ross: Thanks.
Joey:  Hey, you know our phone's not working?
Chandler: What?!
Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
Chandler:  I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Monica: Just like you told her you did!  ... Just pointing out the irony.
Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Chandler: Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Joey:  Can I use your phone?  Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Ross: "Heating device."
Phoebe: Radiator.
Ross: Five letters.
Phoebe: Rdtor.
Joey:  Yeah, is Sidney there?  Oh, this is?  Sidney's a woman.
Monica: So she's a woman! So what?
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what?  Look, I live across the street,  and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay?  Yeah, I can see you right now!  Hello!  If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like——Thank you, but... that's not really the point...  The point is that...  Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Monica: Joey!!
Joey:  Yeah, my neighbor...  Yeah, the brunette...  She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Monica: The green dress? Really?
Joey: Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Monica:  Nooo!


[Date: April 7, 1995, Session #141]

Joey: All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Phoebe: You know he's gay?
Ross: I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?
Danielle:  Chandler?
Chandler: Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
All: Hi. Hi.
Chandler: What are you doing here?
Danielle: Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
Chandler: ...I'm, I'm okay.
Danielle: Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?
Chandler: That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Danielle: You got it.
Chandler: Okay.
Danielle: G'bye, everybody.
All: Bye.
Phoebe: Whoo-hoo!
Monica: Yeah, there you go!
Ross: Second date!
Chandler: ...I dunno.
Rachel: You don't know?!
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?

[Date: April 27, 1995, Session #142]

Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Rachel: Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Monica: I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Ross: I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Monica: That's me.
Phoebe: Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! 
Ross: Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-  come here, Marcel-
Rachel: Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Monica: Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
Ross: What? It's, it's just a phase.
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Ross: Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
Rachel:  Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
Ross: What?
Rachel: Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.


[Date: April 28, 1995, Session #143]

Ross:  Hi.
Chandler and Joey: Hey.
Joey: Where've you been?
Ross: At the vet.
Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Ross: She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
Joey:  Hey! He beat ya.
Ross: She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Ross: I'm gonna have to give him up.


[Date: April 28, 1995, Session #144]

Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Ross: I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him?
Ross: No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Ross: Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Chandler: What?
Joey: Did you call the cops?
Rachel: Nope. We took her to lunch.
Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Ross: What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Monica: Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
Ross: Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
Chandler: ...Take off their hats!
Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.


[Date: April 30, 1995, Session #145]

Ross:  Oh God.  We didn't get into Scranton.  That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Ross: Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
Rachel: Oh, somebody will.
Joey:  You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
Chandler: You're kidding.
Joey: Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
Phoebe: ...Flame Boy.


[Date: May 1, 1995, Session #146]

Ross: Where exactly is your zoo?
Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
Ross: Yes.
Dr. Baldhara: Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
Ross: No-no, he's, he's very docile.
Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered?
Ross: Well I, I don't know. Why?
Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects?
Ross: He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...
Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?
Ross: Why- why- why would he need a blade?
Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
Chandler and Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
Chandler: ...He's in.
Ross: He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.


[Date: May 3, 1995, Session #147]

PA: This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
Phoebe: Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Ross: Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Phoebe: Oh!
Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
Ross: Just, just say what you feel.
Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry.
Ross: That was good.
Rachel:  Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
Ross: Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
All: Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. 
Ross: Marcel, c'mere, c'mere.  Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be-  Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.


[Date: May 6, 1995, Session #148]

Monica: Tell him.
Rachel: No.
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.
Monica: Just...please tell him.
Rachel: Shut up!
Chandler: Tell me what?
Monica: Look at you, you won't even look at him.
Chandler:  Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. 
Chandler: Wow!
Joey: Exellent dream score.
Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?
Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. 
Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Ross: I love it, when we share.
Chandler: You're okay there?
Ross: I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.


[Date: May 6, 1995, Session #149]

Chandler: Hello Rachel.
Rachel: Get off.
Phoebe:  Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing?
Ross: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Chandler: Pirates again?
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Chandler:  Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused.  It's a whole big boob story.
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Phoebe: I could do that.
Rachel: What are you playing with?
Ross: Oh, it's my new beeper.
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
Ross: No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Monica: All right, I'll see you guys later. 
Rachel: Off to see young Ethan?
Monica: Thank you.
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Monica: He's... our age.
Chandler: When we were?
Monica: Okay, he's a senior in college.
Ross: College?
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Monica: No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
All: What?
Monica: Oh, I can't pass for 22?
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.
Monica: I am 26.
Phoebe: There you go.


[Date: May 8, 1995, Session #150]

Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
Ross: Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
Joey: All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Ross:  Yeah, hi, I was just beeped.  No, Andr� is not here.  Third time today.  Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Joey: Services?  Oh, services.
Ross:  Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir.  No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment.  All rightie, bye bye.
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes.  Me.
Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.
Chandler: Why not?
Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.
Chandler: What?!
Phoebe: I thought you knew that.
Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Chandler: I can't belive it.
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.
Chandler: They do me?
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Chandler: I don't sound like that.
Ross: Oh, oh Chandler...
Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.
Ross: 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.'
Joey:  My scones.
Phoebe, Joey, and Ross: 'My scones.'
Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!


[Date: May 9, 1995, Session #151]

Ross:  Okay, Andr� should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye.  Just easier that way.
Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Rachel: No, forget it.
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Rachel: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there.  Joey was there too.
Joey: All right. 
Ross: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
Rachel: No.
Ross: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
Rachel: No, it was just the three of us.
Ross: Huh!
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Rachel:  You know what?
Joey: What?
Rachel: There were times when it wasn't even me.
Phoebe: That is so sweet, you guys. 
Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe: Hey, Mon.
Rachel: Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
All:  Mon!
Monica: What?
Rachel: Ethan called again.
Monica: Oh.
Ross: Are you not seeing him anymore?
Monica: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Rachel: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Ross: Oh, yeah.
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Joey, Chander, and Ross: Sorry.
Ross: It's morphin time!
Joey: Stegosaurus!
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus!
Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go.  Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go.  Cool!
Rachel: Where are you going?
Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.
Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Chandler: You think I should?
Phoebe: I really do, yeah.
Chandler: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay.
Chandler: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #152]

Monica: Aren't you gonna...
Ross: Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Joey: What about Andr�?
Ross: Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
Young Ethan: Hey.
Monica: That was gonna be my opener.
Rachel:  Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?
Ross: I thought that was just a rumour.
Rachel: True story.
Joey: They're here already?
Young Ethan: All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
Monica: It was.
Young Ethan: Then, what's the problem?
Monica: Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
Young Ethan: Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?
Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Young Ethan: No, don't say it. 
Monica: ...love you.
Ross: Are you're hands still wet?
Joey: Uh, moist, yeah.
Rachel: Let's dry 'em again.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #153]

Rachel:  Oooooooooh.  Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
Rachel: Ross?
Ross: I'm here.
Rachel: You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...  Wow!
Ross: What?  Great, now I'm having a baby.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Ooh, Ooh.
Rachel: What?
Ross: I'm having... I'm having a baby.  I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?
Rachel: I don't know where the phone is.
Rachel: Ross?
Ross: I'm hurt.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #154]

Ross: Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.
Chandler:  Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
Ross: Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.
Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.
Rachel: What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Ross: Joey, get out of the fridge.
Joey: All right, all right. 
Ross: What is that? 
Joey: For the ride.
Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...
Ross: Save it.
Chandler: Okay, hating this.
Ross: Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming.
Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
Ross: That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.
Joey: All right, I'm going. I'm going.
Chandler: Here we go, here we go.
Rachel: Rossy, Rossy.

[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #155]

Ross: She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.
Monica: I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
Ross: I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
Joey: Do we have to know about that?
Monica: Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Joey: I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Ross: God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
Rachel: Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
Rachel: What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
Chandler: You have to pick your moments.
Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?
Ross: She's not even here yet.
Monica: What's with the guitar?
Phoebe: I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Ross:  Where the hell have you been?
Susan: We stopped at the gift shop.
Carol: I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.
Ross: Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
Chandler: I used to have that bumper sticker.
Chandler:  You see what I mean.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #156]

Ross: Stopped for a Chunky.
Carol: Let it go, Ross.
Susan: I got an extra one. You want this? 
Ross:  No.
Dr. Franzblau: Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?
Ross: Dr. Franzblau, hi.
Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Carol: Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.
Susan: They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.
Ross: 59 seconds.  Quartz, ha.
Susan: Swiss quartz, ha, ha.
Carol: Am I allowed to drink anything?
Dr. Franzblau: Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.
Ross: I'll get it.
Susan: No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.
Ross: I got it—I'm getting it!
Rachel: Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Carol: Thanks.
Rachel: And if you need anything else, I——do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Dr. Franzblau: It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
Rachel: Oh, that's funny!


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #157]

Phoebe: 
They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch,
and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much.
Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why,
you cry and you cry and you cry.
And you cry and you cry and you cry...
Phoebe: Thanks, Ross.
Ross: Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
Phoebe: Ok.
Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Chandler: You'll get one.
Monica: Oh yeah? When?
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Chandler: No, no, no.
Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Chandler:  Uh, uh.
Monica: Well?
Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! 
Rachel: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Monica: Did you go home and change?
Rachel: Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Monica: No, I haven't seen him.
Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here.  What if the baby needs him?
Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Rachel: Yeah, why?
Chandler: No reason. 


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #158]

Ross: Breathe.
Susan: Breathe.
Ross: Breathe.
Susan: Breathe.
Ross: Breathe.
Susan: Breathe.
Carol: You're gonna kill me!
Ross: 15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...
Carol: Count faster.
Susan: It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.
Ross: Who the hell is Jordie?
Susan: Your son.
Ross: No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
Carol: Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.
Ross: What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
Carol: Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.
Ross: I got it.
Susan: I got it.
Ross: I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.
Susan: No, you don't.
Carol: All right, that's it. I want both of you out.
Ross: Why?
Susan: He started it!
Ross: No, you started it.
Susan: You did!
Carol: I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.
Ross: But...
Carol: Now go!
Ross:  Thanks a lot.
Susan:  See what you did.
Ross:  Yeah, listen...
Carol: Out!


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #159]

Ross: Please. This is so your fault.
Susan: How, how is this my fault?
Ross: Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
Susan: Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.
Ross: You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
Susan: You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.
Ross: Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Susan: Yes.
Phoebe: Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Ross: Yeah, Susan.
Phoebe: Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Phoebe: Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #160]

All: Help!
Ross: I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back.  Ow.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #161]

Susan: What're you gonna do, suck the door open?
Ross: Help! Help!
Phoebe:  They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
Susan and Ross:  Help!


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #162]

Ross: Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
Susan: The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
Ross: No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Susan: You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
Ross: Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
Phoebe: This is so great.
Ross: You wanna explain that?
Phoebe: I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world.  I'm sorry, you were fighting.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #163]

Ross: Ok, got the vent open.
Phoebe:  Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Ross: Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.
Susan: What do you see?
Phoebe: Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
Ross: Phoebs, It's open! It's open!
Janitor:  Wait! You forgot your legs!


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #164]

All: Push, push!
Ross: We're here!
Carol:  Where have you been?
Ross: Long story, honey.
Dr. Franzblau: All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need— Excuse me, could I have this?
Nurse: All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
All: Good luck!
Chandler:  Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Nurse: Out!
Dr. Franzblau: All right, he's crowning. Here he comes.
Ross: Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Carol:  Not.... helping!
Dr. Franzblau: You're doing great, you're doing fine.
Ross:  Hello!  Oh, sorry.
Susan: What do you see? What do you see?
Ross: We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Susan: Oh, look at that.
Carol: What does he look like?
Ross: Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.
Carol: Really?
Phoebe:  You guys, he's beautiful!
Ross: Oh, thanks, Pheebs!


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #165]

Susan: No shouting, but we still need a name for this little guy.
Ross:  How 'bout Ben?
Susan: I like Ben.
Carol: Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?
Ross: We uh, we just cooked it up.
Susan: That's what we were off doing.
Monica: Hi.
Ross: Hey.
Monica: Can we come in?
Ross:  I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Phoebe: Susan, he looks just like you.
Susan: Thanks.
Rachel: Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
Chandler: I know, I still am one of these.
Monica: Ross, can I?
Ross: The head, the head. You gotta...
Monica:  Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.


[Date: May 11, 1995, Session #166]

Ross: Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this.  But I'll still always come back, like this.  And sometimes I may be away longer, like this.  But I'll still always come back, like this. 
Chandler: And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. 
Monica: He is so amazing.
Rachel: Oh, I know. Look at him.
Joey: Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Phoebe: Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes.  Look, he's opening his eyes. 
Joey: He doesn't do much, does he?
Ross: No, this is pretty much it.
Rachel: You guys wanna get some coffee?
All: Yeah.
Ross: All right, I'll see you guys later.
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.

[Date: May 25, 1995, Session #167]

Ross: And here's little Ben nodding off...
Monica: Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
Rachel: Oh, let me see!  Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
Ross:  That would be nice.
Rachel: Pardon?
Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. 
Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Chandler: Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
Chandler: ... And where's this money coming from? 
Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Ross:  What kind of research?
Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science.
Ross: Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. 
Joey: ... It's a fertility study.
Monica: Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
Ross: Hey.
Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!


[Date: May 26, 1995, Session #168]

Monica: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Phoebe: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... 
Chandler:  Men are here.
Joey: We make fire. Cook meat.
Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Monica and Phoebe: Ewww!
Monica: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Joey: Oh, OK.
Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your  special someone?
Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
Monica: Man's got a point.
Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Chandler: Crazy bitch.
Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean.
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: Hey.
Ross: Hey. 
Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Ross: I'm going to China.
Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Monica: You're going to China?
Ross: Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo—it's—it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me... 
Phoebe: Oh, let me see! 
Ross: : Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Monica: Yeah.
Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh....  Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Ross: Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
Monica: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
Ross: Oh.  Hey, who's Carl?
Monica: You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Ross: No.
Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
Ross: At the coffeehouse, right.
Phoebe: So you do know who he is!  Sorry.
Ross: OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story.
Ross: Hi.
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: ....I have to go to China.
Joey: The country?
Ross: No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Ross: Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Chandler: Forget about her.
Joey: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Chandler: Course there, they just call it food.
Ross: Yeah... I guess. I don't—I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? 
Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
Ross: I know.
Joey: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. 
Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Melanie: Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Chandler:  Ooooh. 
Monica:  OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
Rachel: Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. 
Monica: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh.
Monica: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
Joey: What do you mean?
Monica: Y'know, just be there for her.
Joey: Not following you.
Monica: Think about it.
Rachel: OK, I'm guessing this is from...
Rachel: Well, thank you, Melanie.
Chandler:  OK, this one right here is from me.
Rachel:  OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's...  Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! 
Rachel: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And......it's a book!
Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
Joey: : That book got me through some tough times.
Melanie: There is a little child inside this man!
Chandler: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
Rachel: Who's this from?
Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's.
Rachel: Oh... ...  Oh my God. He remembered.
Phoebe: Remembered what?
Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? 
Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Monica: I can't believe he did this.
Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Rachel: What did you just say?
Chandler:  ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Rachel: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Chandler:  F-hah.... flennin....
Rachel: Oh.... my God.
Chandler:  Oh, no-no-no-no-no....
Joey:  That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time.


[Date: May 26, 1995, Session #169]

Ross: 
Flight Attendant: Alright!
Ross: Ni-chou chi-ma! 
Rachel: Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
Flight Attendant: Hi!
Rachel: Hi.
Flight Attendant: May I see your boarding pass?
Rachel: Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.
Flight Attendant: Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.
Rachel: No, I know, but I—he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
Flight Attendant: No no no! Federal regulations!
Rachel: OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
Flight Attendant: Alright. What's the message?
Rachel: Uh... I don't know.
Flight Attendant: Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.
Man:  What?
Flight Attendant: It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Man: : Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.


[Date: June 10, 1995, Session #170]

Carl: I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Ross: I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Ross: Fine, just stop thinking about me.
Ross: Can't do it, can you?
Rachel: So I'm thinking about you. So what?
Ross: I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
Rachel: Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
Carl: I mean, come on, buddy, get a real car!
Ross: Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
Rachel: Ross, it's too hard.
Ross: No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Rachel: Ross, you're like my best friend.
Ross: I know.
Rachel: If we broke up, and I lost you...
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
Ross:  No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Rachel: I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Ross: Well, start looking.
Rachel: Wow.
Carl: Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
Rachel: Right! You're right!
Carl: Heh... y'know?
Rachel: You know what?
Carl: What?
Rachel: I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do....  I mean—I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
Carl: But...


[Date: June 10, 1995, Session #171]

Rachel:  Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
Man: For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel!
Ross: Oh, hey, hey, I got that.
Julie: Oh, thanks, sweetie.
Ross: No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.
Julie: Really?
Ross: Yeah.
Julie: You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?
Ross: No, no, they will. I just... uh...
Ross and Julie: Can't wait.
Ross: Come on, they're gonna love you.

[Date: June 10, 1995, Session #172]

Rachel: Oh my god. Oh my god.  Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me! 
Ross:  Rach!
Rachel: Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you? 
Ross: It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
Rachel: What?
Ross: You're bleeding.
Rachel: I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything. 
Ross: Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
Rachel: These are, these aren't for you.  These are for you.  Welcome to our country.
Julie:  Thank you. I'm from New York.
Rachel: Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.


[Date: June 10, 1995, Session #173]

Chandler:  No way!
Monica: I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Phoebe: Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
Joey: Um, this?
Phoebe: Yes.
Monica: Guys, you got your hair cut.
Chandler: Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Phoebe: 'Cause, you know,  if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Rachel:  Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
Chandler: Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Rachel:  You, you, you said he liked me.  You, you slowpokes!
Ross: That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler.  Phoebe.  Joey, what up?
Joey: What up?!
Ross: Everyone, this is Julie.
Rachel:  Julie.
All: Ohh.  Hi!
Julie: Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Ross: And bus.
Julie: Oh my god.
Ross:  The screaming guy?
Julie:  And the spitting?
Ross: You gotta hear this story.
Julie: We're on this bus, that's easily 200 years old...
Ross: 200 at least.
Julie:  ...and this guy...
Rachel: And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
Monica: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Ross: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Rachel: Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Monica:  It's an expression.
Ross: Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
Julie: And then we've gotta get some sleep.
Ross: Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
Chandler: Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Rachel: Bye. 


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #174]

Ross: Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?
Rachel: Yeah, sure.
Ross: Thank you.
Chandler: Hey, Rach, can I get...
Rachel: Did you talk to him?
Chandler: Not yet.
Rachel: Then, no.
Chandler: So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Ross: I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Chandler: God?
Ross: It was you, pal.
Chandler: Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Ross: Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
Chandler: Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Rachel:  Here's your lemonade.
Ross: I didn't order lemonade.
Rachel: Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Ross: But...
Rachel: Go-go-go-go, come on!   So uh, what did you find out?
Chandler: He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself!  Without any outside help whatsoever.
Rachel: How is that the silver lining?
Chandler: You have to really wanna see it.


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #175]

Ross: Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Monica: Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
Phoebe: Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Monica: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Phoebe: All right, so what were you thinking?
Monica: Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Phoebe: Ohh! No.
Monica: Why not?
Phoebe: Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
Monica: No you're not.
Phoebe: I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
Joey:  Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you. 
Ross:  Hello? Hi.
Chandler:  Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Joey: Needs some clothes altered?
Chandler: No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Joey: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15.  All right, when was 1990?
Chandler: Okay.  You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Ross:  Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What?  Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three.  Well you didn't hang up either.
Rachel: She didn't hang up either!
Ross: Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...
Rachel:  Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
Ross: Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Rachel: Okay!
Ross:  Hi?  Sorry, we got disconnected... 
Rachel:  Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Monica: Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Rachel: I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it.  I gotta get out of here. 
Chandler: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #176]

Rachel: Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye. 
Monica: Rachel, how did this happen?
Rachel: I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
Phoebe: Where?
Rachel: At his apartment. Is this juice?
Joey: Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
Rachel: Oh God, I know I'm a pathetic loser.
Monica: Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
Chandler: People do stupid things when they're upset.
Monica: My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
All: Hi!
Ross: Hi. Sorry we're late but we were—well, there was touching.
Paulo:  Hey, hey Ross.
Ross: Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?
Paulo: I do Raquel.
Ross:  So, uh, he's back.
Rachel: Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?
Ross: No, not a problem.
Rachel: Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.
Phoebe:  Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Chandler: Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Joey: Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
Chandler: Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Monica:  You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
Phoebe: All right. Ok, but, but!  You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Monica: I promise.
Phoebe: All right.  Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #177]

Rachel: How is she?
Phoebe: It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
Ross: How's the hair?
Phoebe: I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Joey: Can we see her?
Phoebe: Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
Ross:  Yeah. 
Joey: How're you doing?
Rachel: I'm okay.
Joey: Ooh, that bad, huh?
Rachel: What?
Joey: Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Rachel: When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
Joey: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Rachel: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Joey: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Rachel: I don't know, I don't know.
Joey: Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Chandler:  Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec?  Your tailor is a very bad man!
Joey: Frankie? What're you talking about?
Ross:  Hey, what's goin' on? 
Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Ross: What?
Joey: No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Chandler: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Ross: What?
Chandler: Cupping.
Joey: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear.  What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Ross: Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
Joey: What? That's not?  Oh my God.


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #178]

Monica: Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.
Ross: I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten. 
Monica: Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Chandler: Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Phoebe:  Thank you.
Ross: Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.
Rachel:  Wait, are you leaving?
Ross: Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
Rachel: Well, can I talk to you for a sec?
Ross: Okay. 
Joey: Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...
Chandler: That's ok.
Ross: What's goin' on?
Rachel: Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
Ross: Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Rachel: No. No-no-no-no.
Ross: Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actually—I-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie.  Was there a second of all?
Rachel: No, I think that was the whole all.
Ross: Okay.  Okay.  Okay.
Joey: I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.


[Date: June 24, 1995, Session #179]

Monica:  Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist. 
Phoebe: Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it.  Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
Susan: Oh, is he hungry already?
Carol: I guess so. 
Chandler: You know, it's...  something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. 
Joey:  I gotta get one, too.
Ross:  What are you guys doing?
Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Ross: Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Joey: Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Ross: This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Ross: Carol?
Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Carol: Sure.
Joey: Uh, does it hurt?
Carol: It did at first, but not anymore.
Joey: Chandler?
Chandler: So, uh, how often can you do it?
Carol: As much as he needs.
Joey: Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?


[Date: June 24, 1995, Session #180]

Julie: Rachel, do you have any muffins left?
Rachel: Yeah, I forget which ones.
Julie: Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?
All: No thanks.
Julie:  Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go. 
Rachel:  Thank you.  What a bitch.
Julie: Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
Phoebe: I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
Monica: Ok, um, I'll go with you.
Julie: Great.
Ross:  Hi, honey.
Chandler: Hey, sweetums.
Ross: Hello to the rest.
All:  Hi!
Joey: Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
Monica: It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
Chandler: Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Monica: But I'm...
Phoebe: Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
Ross:  So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?
Monica: Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
Ross: It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.
Monica: You're welcome.
Phoebe: Woof, woof.


[Date: July 8, 1995, Session #181]

Carol: Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.
Ross: Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Susan: Honey, relax. Ross is great with him.  Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.
Rachel: Oh, this is so cute.
Susan: Oh, I got that for him.
Ross: My mommies love me. That's clever.
Monica: Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju——Hi, Jew!   Uh huh?  Uh huh?  Ok.  Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye. 
Rachel: Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Monica: Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.


[Date: July 8, 1995, Session #182]

Phoebe: Ben, dinner!
Ross: Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Phoebe: Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. 
Chandler: What did you just do?
Phoebe: I licked my arm, what?
Ross: It's breast milk.
Phoebe: So?
Rachel: Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
Joey: What is the big deal? 
Chandler: What did you just do?
Ross: Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?
Phoebe: You won't even taste it?
Ross: No!
Phoebe: Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
Ross: Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.


[Date: July 8, 1995, Session #183]

Monica:  Hi, who's this?  Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica.  Yes, I know I did a horrible thing.  Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok?  No, I don't care what Steve thinks.  Hi, Steve.
Carol and Susan: Hey! 
Carol: How did we do?
Phoebe: Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
Ross: I did not freak out.
Carol: Why'd you freak out?
Ross: Because it's breast milk. It's gross.
Carol: My breast milk is gross?
Susan: This should be fun.
Ross: No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
Chandler: Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
Carol: Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it. 
Ross:  That would be no.
Phoebe: Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
Joey: Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
Susan: Cantaloupe juice.
Joey: Exactly.
Ross:  You've tasted it? You've tasted it.
Susan: Uh huh.
Ross: Oh, you've tasted it.
Susan: You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.
Ross:  Gimme the bottle.  Gimme the towel. 


[Date: July 24, 1995, Session #184]

Ross:  That's not bad.

[Date: September 21, 1995, Session #185]

Chandler: Hey.
Monica: So how was Joan?
Chandler: I broke up with her.
Chandler: They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Rachel: Come on, they were not that huge.
Chandler: I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Monica: How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Joey: Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
Chandler: You or me?
Ross: I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
Joey: You guys are messin' with me, right?
All: Yeah.
Joey: That was a good one. For a second there, I was like, "whoa."


[Date: September 21, 1995, Session #186]

Phoebe: You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.
Chandler: Maureen Rosilla.
Ross: Not hating Yanni is not a real reason.
Monica: Hello, Mr. Heckles.
MR. HECKLES: You're doing it again.
Monica: We're not doing anything.
MR. HECKLES: You're stomping. It's disturbing my birds.
Rachel: You don't have birds.
MR. HECKLES: I could have birds.
Monica: Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down.
MR. HECKLES: Thank you. I'm going to rejoin my dinner party.
Rachel: All right, bye-bye.
Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
Ross: We'll give you Janice.
Phoebe: I miss Janice though. "Hello, Chandler Bing."
Rachel: "Oh, my, god."
Joey: "Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!"
Monica: Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.
Rachel: We won. We won!


[Date: September 21, 1995, Session #187]

Monica: Mr. Heckles.
Rachel: How did this happen?
Mr. Treeger: He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.
Monica: That's terrible.
Mr. Treeger: I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.
ROSS: Sure, sweepin'. You never know.
Mr. Treeger: You never know.


[Date: September 28, 1995, Session #188]

Phoebe: Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
Chandler: Ok, Phoebe.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Joey: Such as?
Phoebe: Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?
Phoebe: Nah. Not really.
Ross: You don't believe in evolution?
Phoebe: I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Ross: Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Phoebe: Yeah, I just don't buy it.
Ross: Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Phoebe: Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
Ross: You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Phoebe: Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Chandler: Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
Mr. Treeger: There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
Monica: What can we do for you?
MR. BOYLE: All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
Monica: Well, what about his family?
MR. BOYLE: He didn't have any.
Rachel: Ok, so let's talk money.
MR. BOYLE: All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
Monica: I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!


[Date: September 28, 1995, Session #189]

Rachel: Have you ever seen so much crap?
Chandler: Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Joey: Check this out. Can I have this?
Ross: How can you not believe in evolution?
Phoebe: Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
Ross: Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
Phoebe: Really? You can actually see it?
Ross: You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.
Phoebe: See, I didn't know that.
Ross: Well, there you go.
Phoebe: Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Chandler: Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Joey: Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Chandler: April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Rachel: Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Monica: Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
Rachel: What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Monica: It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
Rachel: Well, what about my stuff?
Monica: You don't have any stuff.
Rachel: You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?
Monica: No.
Rachel: Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
Monica: Mmmmm.
Rachel: Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Ross: Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Phoebe: Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.
Ross: Please tell me you're joking.
Phoebe: Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
Ross: No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
Phoebe: What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
Ross: Is there blood coming out of my ears?
Joey: Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.
Chandler: Wow, he looks so normal.
Phoebe: He's even kind of cute.
Joey: "Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.
Chandler: Funniest? Heckles?
Joey: That's what it says.
Chandler: Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Phoebe: I'd call that excessive.
Chandler: Whoa!
Joey: What?
Chandler: Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Joey: So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
Chandler: I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?


[Date: October 6, 1995, Session #190]

Phoebe: Janice? You called Janice?
Chandler: Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Ross: You remember Janice, right?
Chandler: Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Janice: Helloo!!
Chandler: Oh, my, god!
Joey: Geez, look how fat she got.
Janice: Hey, it's everybody.
Chandler: Janice, you're--
Janice: Yes, I am.
Chandler: Is it--?
Janice: Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
Chandler: Congratulations.
Janice: Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.
Chandler: You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Janice: And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.


[Date: October 6, 1995, Session #191]

Monica: Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
Rachel: What?
Monica: Hide the Lamp.
Rachel: Monica, let it go.
Monica: Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
Rachel: Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Phoebe: Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
Ross: Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Phoebe: Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
Ross: It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
Phoebe: Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Ross: There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
Phoebe: I can't believe you caved.
Ross: What?
Phoebe: You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
Rachel: I am. Let me just get my coat.
Monica: Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Rachel: Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Monica: Phoebe, tell her!
Phoebe: Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Rachel: Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
Chandler: Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
Rachel: Ok, you win.
Monica: Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
Chandler: Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Phoebe: Uh huh. Why is that?
Chandler: If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Monica: You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler: Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Rachel: Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Monica: You are not a freak. You're a guy.
Rachel: She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
Monica: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
Chandler: In a bad way?
Monica: No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Rachel: Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Phoebe: Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Monica: You made it!
Phoebe: You're there!
Rachel: You are ready to make a commitment!
Chandler: Whoa! Don't know about that.


[Date: October 6, 1995, Session #192]

Rachel: What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Monica: No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Rachel: Thank you.
Monica: That's fine.
Chandler: Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Joey: Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
Chandler: I'll take that.
Joey: You want his yearbook?
Chandler: Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Monica: Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
Rachel: It's really not that big!
Chandler: Takin' that with you, huh?
Joey: Oh, yeah.
Ross: You comin'?
Chandler: Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.


[Date: October 12, 1995, Session #193]

Joey: This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
Phoebe: Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
Monica: I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Phoebe: I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Monica: Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
Ross: You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
Phoebe: OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
Monica: Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
All: Huuh.
Monica: Well, didn't you?
Phoebe: I might have.
Monica: I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Phoebe: Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
Monica: What have I not told you?
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Rachel: What!
Monica: Wait a minute, who told you?  You are dead meat.
Chandler: I didn't know it was a big secret.
Monica: Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
Phoebe: You have a third nipple?
Chandler: You bitch.
Ross: Whip it out, whip it out.
Chandler: C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
Rachel: Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?
Joey: I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.
Ross: Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
Joey: I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
All: Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.
Chandler: Joey was in a porno movie.
All: Huuh.
Chandler: If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
Ross: You were in a porno?
Joey: Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
Monica: That is wild.
Ross:  So what's it shaped like?
Phoebe: Yeah, is there a hair on it?
Joey: What happens if you flick it?


[Date: October 13, 1995, Session #194]

Ross: So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
Chandler: Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
Julie: You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
Chandler: Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
Ross: You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
Rachel:  Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
Monica: Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Rachel: Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
All: Woah.
Joey: Foxy lady.
Julie: Where you goin'?
Phoebe: Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
Joey: The Ice Capades?
Chandler: No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
Monica: I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
Phoebe: OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
Ross:  Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk.  Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
Chandler: Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .


[Date: October 13, 1995, Session #195]

Ross: OK sweetie, I'll see you later.
Julie: See you later Rach.
Rachel: Bye-bye Julie. 
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hey, c'mon, cut it out.
Ross: Hey?
Rachel: What?
Ross: Can I ask you somethin'?
Rachel: Sure.
Ross: Naa.
Rachel: What? C'mon, talk to me.
Ross: OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Rachel: Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Ross: Technically, huh, no.
Rachel: Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Ross: No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
Rachel: No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
Ross: It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Rachel: No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Ross: What?
Rachel: I think it's sexy.
Ross: Sexy?
Rachel: Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
Ross: No kidding?
Rachel: Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?
Ross: What?
Rachel: I'd wait.
Ross: You'd wait?
Rachel: Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
Ross: Really?
Rachel: Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Ross: Women really want this?
Rachel: More than jewelry. 


[Date: October 13, 1995, Session #196]

Ross: Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks. 
Chandler: Uh, Julie.
Julie: Yeah?
Chandler: Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
Ross: Hi everyone.
All: Hi.
Ross:  I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.
Rachel: Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?
Ross: Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
Rachel: What did, what did he say?
Ross: Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .


[Date: October 13, 1995, Session #197]

Chandler: What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
Ross: Pop it in.
Joey: I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people. 
Rachel: Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
Ross: What's wrong with people having sex?
Rachel: Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Monica: Hell, I wanna see Joey.
Julie: So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
Chandler: OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
Monica: All I say is, she better get the job.
Ross: Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Joey: Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line,  you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
Chandler: Nice work my friend.
Joey: Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .


[Date: October 13, 1995, Session #198]

Julie: And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
RAHCEL: Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
Julie: No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
Rachel: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?
Chandler: I'm goin' home.
Rachel: What?
Joey: Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?
Ross: Goodnight.
Rachel: So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Ross: Oh, no no, I am.
Rachel: Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
Ross: Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
Rachel: Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
Ross: I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
RAHCEL: OK, gook luck.
Ross: Wha, uhh, what?
Rachel: Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
Ross: OK, now I'm nervous.
Rachel: Maybe you should put it off.
Ross: No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
Rachel: I know, yeah, sorry.
Ross: What, it's not your fault.
Rachel: Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Ross: Really?
Rachel: Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Ross:  Uh-huh.
Rachel: And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Ross: Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight. 
Rachel: Ohh, God.


[Date: October 14, 1995, Session #199]

Ross: Good morning.
Old woman: Well, somebody got some last night.
Ross: Twice.

[Date: October 19, 1995, Session #200]

Ross: Man, I sure miss Julie.
Chandler: Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. 
Ross: You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Chandler: No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Phone: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Jade: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
Chandler: What?
Jade: I got a little drunk...and naked.
Chandler: Bob here.


[Date: October 19, 1995, Session #201]

Chandler:  What've you been up to?
Jade: Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Chandler: Can you hold on a moment? I have another call.  I love her.
Ross: I know.
Chandler: I'm back.
Jade: So, are we gonna get together or what?
Chandler: Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Jade: Great, I'll see you then.
Chandler: Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
Ross: Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Chandler: I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Ross: Oh my god. You are pure evil.
Chandler: Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.


[Date: October 20, 1995, Session #202]

Ross:  Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
All: Hi, Julie!
Rachel:  Hi, Julie.
Chandler: Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Phoebe: Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Chandler: Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Joey: Do we need a cake?
Chandler: Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
Rachel: Yeah, whoosh!
Chandler: But it's Ross.
Phoebe: It's Ross.
Joey: All right.
Chandler: I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Ross: Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
Chandler: You know, I think I might just.
Rachel: So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Joey: Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Phoebe: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Rachel: Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Joey: Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Phoebe: Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Joey: For Ross.
Rachel: For Ross, Ross, Ross.
Monica:  Oh my god.
Rachel: Hey.
Joey: Hi.
Rachel: What?
Monica: I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Joey: If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Monica: Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Joey: Yeah, someplace nice.  How much do you think I can get for my kidney?


[Date: October 20, 1995, Session #203]
 
Ross: I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Chandler: Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Ross: That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Chandler: We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Ross: Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Chandler: All right.
Ross: Go.
Chandler: Hi.
Jade: Hi.
Chandler: Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Jade: Yes?
Chandler: Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
Jade: How did you--?
Chandler: I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Jade: Thanks.
Chandler: No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.


[Date: October 20, 1995, Session #204]

Ross: Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Monica: Who is also in charge of purchasing.
Ross: Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Monica: Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Ross: Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Monica: Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
Joey: Cool.
Phoebe: Let's see!
Ross: That's fine, I'll just wait!
Monica: Oh, sorry.
Joey: Sorry, sorry.
Ross: Monica!
WAITER: Are we ready to order?
Rachel: Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
WAITER: Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Phoebe: Wow, look at these prices.
Rachel: Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
Joey: What are these, like famous chickens?
Chandler: Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon.  I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Ross: Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Chandler: Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Ross: Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
WAITER: Do I dare ask?
Monica: Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Ross: That sounds great. Same for me.
WAITER: And for the gentleman?
Joey: Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
WAITER: You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?
Rachel: Ok, I will have the uh,  side salad.
WAITER:  And what will that be on the side of?
Rachel: Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
WAITER: And for you?
Phoebe: Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
Chandler: I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
WAITER: Anything else?
Chandler: Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?


[Date: October 20, 1995, Session #205]

Ross:  Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Rachel: Um, everyone?
Ross: Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.
Joey: Thank you.
Ross: Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.
Monica: Oh, thank you!
Ross: So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
Phoebe: No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
Chandler: Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Ross: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Phoebe: Not for you.
Monica: All right, what's goin' on?
Rachel: Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Phoebe: Fine. All right, fine.
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: You can tell us.
Ross: Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Joey: Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
Monica: Ok.
Ross: I hear ya.
Chandler: We can talk about that.
Phoebe: Well, then...Let's.
Ross: I, I just never think of money as an issue.
Rachel: That's 'cause you have it.
Ross: That's a good point.
Chandler: So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Joey: 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Ross: Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Rachel: Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Monica: If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
Ross: G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
Chandler: No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Ross: Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
Phoebe: No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
Ross: No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
Monica: All of us.
Chandler: Together.
Ross: Not at the concert.
Rachel: Ok.
Joey: Yeah.
Rachel: Thank you.
Joey: Thanks.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Chandler: So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?


[Date: October 21, 1995, Session #206]

Chandler: Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
Monica: I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Phoebe: Oh, it's like a skit.
Monica: Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Ross: Whoo!
Phoebe: Cool.
Monica: Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
Ross: But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
Chandler: By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Ross: Come on.
Chandler: Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
Monica: It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
Phoebe: So...Thank you.
Ross: Could you be less enthused?
Joey: Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--
Monica: Like?
Joey: Charity.
Monica: Charity?
Ross: We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
Rachel: Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.
Phoebe: Actually, it makes us feel that big.
Ross: I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
Chandler: If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Joey: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.
Rachel: Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
Phoebe: I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Rachel: Me neither.
Joey: Me too.
Monica: Guys, we bought the tickets.
Phoebe: Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Chandler: Why did you look at me when you said that?
Monica: Well, I guess now we can't go.
Rachel: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Monica: You know what? You're right.
Phoebe: Fine.
Ross: Fine.
Joey: Fine.
Chandler: Fine.
Rachel: Fine.
Monica: All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.


[Date: October 21, 1995, Session #207]

Ross: Chandler!
Chandler: Yeah?
Ross: Geez! Are you ready?
Chandler: Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Ross: Whoa! You had sex today?
Chandler: Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Ross: Wow.
Chandler: Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign.
Ross: Still doing the screening thing?
Chandler: I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
MACHINE: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Jade: Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
Chandler: Bob here.
Jade: Oh, hi.
Chandler: So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Jade: Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Chandler: So, uh, how was he?
Jade: Eh.
Chandler: Eh?
Jade: Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Chandler: Well, that makes me feel so good.
Jade: It was just so awkward and bumpy.
Ross:  Bumpy?
Chandler: Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Jade: Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?


[Date: October 21, 1995, Session #208]

Monica: You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
Ross: Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
Chandler: So, let's go.
Ross: Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Chandler: Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Monica: You know, the guys are probably having a great time.


[Date: October 21, 1995, Session #209]

Monica: That was amazing!
Ross: Excellent, that was excellent.
Chandler: I can't believe the guys missed this.
Ross: What guys? Oh, yeah.
Steve: Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?
Monica: Do I know you?
Steve: You used to be my babysitter.
Monica: Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?
Steve: Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.
Monica: You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.
Steve: Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.
Monica: Uh, wait, backstage?
Steve: Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.
Ross: Ross.
Chandler: Chandler.
Steve: How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?


[Date: October 22, 1995, Session #210]

Ross: Hey, you guys.
Rachel: Happy birthday.
Ross: Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Rachel: Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Monica: Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Rachel: Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
Monica: Uh, good.
Ross: Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
Chandler: Yeah, we really missed you guys.
Joey: Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.
Phoebe: We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Monica: No, I just, I fell down.
Rachel: On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
Monica: You know, a party, or--
Rachel: What party?
Ross: It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Joey: You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?
Chandler: Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
Rachel: Who gave you that hickey?
Monica: That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Rachel: Oh!
Phoebe: Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
Ross: Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
Rachel: What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
Monica: It's work.
Chandler: I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
Joey: And we don't work hard?
Monica:  Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
Chandler: I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Joey: And you feel like we hold you back.
Chandler: Yes.
Rachel: Oh!
Chandler: No.
Monica: Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Phoebe: Oh.
WAITRESS: Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
Joey: Let me get that.  You got five bucks?


[Date: November 2, 1995, Session #211]

Monica: Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Ross: Let me hold him for a sec. There.  Huh? There we are.
Monica: Maye it's me.
Ross: Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.
Chandler: You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
Ross: There we go. All better. 
Monica: There's my little boy. 
Chandler: Can I uh see something? 
Joey: Cool.
Monica: He hates me. My nephew hates me.
Ross: Come on, don't do this.
Monica: What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Chandler: Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.


[Date: November 2, 1995, Session #212]

Joey: Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Monica: That is so funny. Let me see that. 
Joey: Are you ok, Ross?
Ross: I don't know. What's in this pie?
Monica: Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--
Ross: Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key lime pie.
Monica: No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.
Ross: And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.
Monica: No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.
Ross: Ugh.
Monica: Oh my god.
Ross: Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
Monica: Is your tongue swelling up?
Ross: Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
Monica: All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.
Joey: Is he gonna be ok?
Monica: Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
Ross: You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Monica: Jacket now.
Ross: What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
Chandler: We'll watch him.
Ross: I don't think tho.
Joey: What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
Chandler: I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
Ross: Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
Joey: Hat, milk, got it.
Ross: ???  Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!
Joey: Consider it done.
Chandler: You understood that?
Joey: Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.
Chandler: Is he the one with the beautiful wife?


[Date: November 2, 1995, Session #213]

Ross: Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
DOCTOR: Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Monica: Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
Ross: Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
Monica: My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.
DOCTOR: No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.
Ross: Tho?
Ross: Ohhh.
Monica: That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Ross: Ok.
Monica: Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!


[Date: November 2, 1995, Session #214]

Monica: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
DOCTOR: No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.


[Date: November 2, 1995, Session #215]

Ross: I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
Monica: That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
Ross: Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
Monica: Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Ross: Oh.
Monica: Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Ross: Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Monica: No. But I remember people telling me about it.
Ross: I hope Ben has a little sister.
Monica: Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.
Ross: I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
Monica: That was you?
Ross: They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.
Monica: Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
Chandler:  Hey, he's not crying.
Joey: Yes! There's still pie.
Ross: I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Joey: Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
Ross: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
Chandler: You, you are gonna love this.
Ross: Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.
Chandler: Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!


[Date: November 12, 1995, Session #216]

Chandler:  Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.  Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Rachel: Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Phoebe: Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Joey: The guy still won't put out, huh?
Phoebe: Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
All: Sorry Phoebs.
Phoebe: Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Joey: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Phoebe: No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Joey: Maybe he's. . . gay.
Phoebe: Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
Rachel: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Phoebe: No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell.
Monica:  Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.
Chandler: Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
Phoebe:  Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.
Rachel: What?  C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Joey: Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?
Rachel: Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Joey: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
Rachel: Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Chandler: So you really OK about all this?
Rachel: Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Ross: Hi guys.
All: Hey.
Ross: Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Monica: Only if you say his full name.
Ross:  Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Monica: Alright.
Joey:  You're getting a cat?
Ross: Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.
Rachel: Together?
Ross: Uh huh.
Rachel: Both of you?
Ross: Yep.
Rachel: Together.
Julie: Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Rachel: Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Ross: Hopefully.
Rachel: Well.  Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat.  OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.


[Date: November 13, 1995, Session #217]

Ross: Hey Rach.
Rachel: Ahhhh.
Ross: Oh. And how was the date?
Rachel: Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
Ross: Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Rachel: I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Ross: OK. Oh, oh, oh. 
Rachel: Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
Ross: No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Rachel: Huh.
Ross: Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Rachel: Oh yeah, go ahead. 
Ross: Rach, I got a message from you.  Who's Michael?
Rachel: Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . 
Ross: You're over me?
Rachel: Ohhhhhhhh God. 
Ross: Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Rachel: Ohh, ohh.
Ross: When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Rachel: Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Ross: You've had feelings for me?
Rachel: Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Ross: Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
Rachel: Chandler told me.
Ross: Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
Rachel: When you were in China.
Ross: China.
Rachel: Meeting Julie.
Ross: Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
Rachel: Are you over me?
Ross:  That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie.  Hi Julie.
Julie:  Hi honey, I've got a cab waiting.
Ross:  I'll be right down.
Rachel: Wait, so, you're going?
Ross: Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Rachel: OK, OK.
Ross: Cat. 


[Date: November 13, 1995, Session #218]

Rachel: Hi.
Ross: I didn't get a cat.
Rachel: Oh, that's um, interesting.
Ross: No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
Rachel: Alright, I got it Ross.
Ross: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Rachel:  What?
Ross: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Rachel: Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Ross: Then you should have said something before I met her.
Rachel: I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Ross: There was never a good time.
Rachel: Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Ross: Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Rachel: Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Ross: The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Rachel: Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Ross: Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
Rachel: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Ross: Fine.
Rachel: 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Ross: Good.
Rachel: Good. 
Rachel: And ya know what, now I've got closure.
Ross: Try the bottom one.


[Date: November 13, 1995, Session #219]

Ross: And, uh, and then I kissed her.
Joey: Tongue?
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: Cool.


[Date: November 15, 1995, Session #220]

Chandler: All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Phoebe: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Chandler:  Games and stuff.
Monica:  There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
Joey:  Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?
Monica: There's an ad for a naked chef?
Joey: No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... 
Ross: Hi.
Phoebe: Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?
Ross: That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Monica: Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
Ross: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Joey: You got all that from saline solution?
Monica: We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.
Ross: Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Rachel:  Hey, you.
Ross: How are you?
Rachel: Good. How are you?
Ross: Good.
Julie: Hi, honey.
Ross: Hi, Julie.  Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
Julie: Good.
Ross:  Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
Phoebe: Oh, well, actually.
Ross:  Play it.
Phoebe: Ok, all right.
Joey: Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.
Julie: What?
Ross:  Ssshh.
Phoebe: Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
Phoebe:  There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!


[Date: November 17, 1995, Session #221]

Ross: I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Chandler: Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Joey: Hey, here's a thought, Ross. 
Chandler: Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Joey: Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.
Chandler: Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Ross: Can't we just use a pen?
Chandler: No, Amish boy.
Joey: Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
Ross: I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
Joey: You could say that.
Ross: And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Chandler: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Ross: I don't know.
Joey: Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.
Chandler: Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
Ross:  She's not Rachel.


[Date: November 17, 1995, Session #222]

Chandler: I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Joey:  Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Ross: Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
Chandler:  So, Spock actually hugs his father?
Rachel: Hey, do you guys have......hi.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel:  Where you goin'?
Ross: I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.
Rachel:  Oh.
Ross: No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
Rachel: Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?
Ross: Well, uh.
Joey: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Rachel: Oh, god.
JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.
Rachel: Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.
Ross: I know, I know, it's, it's almost... What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
Rachel: Let me get my coat.
Ross: Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat.
Rachel: Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable.  What's that?
Chandler:  What? Nothing.
Rachel: What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
Chandler: No, no, see? See?  Hey, it's printing.  Hey, it's printing!
Rachel: Well what is it? Let me see.
Ross: Hey, someone order a coat?
Rachel: Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Ross: He won't?  He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
Chandler: Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
Rachel: And I'm in it? Then let me read it.
CHAN, JOEY, ROSS: No!
Rachel: Come on.
Joey: Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?
Chandler:  Alright.  "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Ross: That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Rachel: All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Ross: No, you don't.
Rachel: All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. 
Rachel: What is this? Ross, what is this?
Chandler: Good luck.
Ross: Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?
Rachel: Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?
Ross: Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.
Rachel: Just a waitress?
Ross: No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
Rachel: Oh! I do not have chubby ankles!
Ross: No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
Rachel: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.
Ross: No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?


[Date: November 17, 1995, Session #223]

Ross: Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!
Rachel:  When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Ross: I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Rachel: Not interested.
Ross:  Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.
Ross: Number six: the way you smell.
Joey:  Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?
Ross: Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?
Joey: Oh, yeah, I do.
Chandler: What are you doing out there?
Ross: I am, uh, I am...
Monica: Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
Ross: Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
Rachel: No.
Ross: No?
Rachel: That's what I said.
Chandler: Look, maybe we should go?
Rachel: No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Ross: Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
Rachel:  No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
Ross: No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Rachel: Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross.  I said don't go!
Ross: You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Rachel: Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Joey:  I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know?  Maybe a little longer.


[Date: November 18, 1995, Session #224]

Monica: Hello?
Ross: Hi.
Rachel:  Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
Monica:  Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.
Ross: Look, can, can you do something for me?
Monica: Sure, what? Ok, ok.   Music?
RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him. 
RADIO: Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.


[Date: December 14, 1995, Session #225]

Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: Hey.
Joey: Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Chandler: Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Monica: Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Chandler: And twenty-five it is.
Joey: You gave him cookies?
Monica: Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Phoebe: I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Chandler: Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
Phoebe: Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
Ross: So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Rachel: Uhh, the mailman, the super.
Monica: Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy.
Joey: Oh my God.
Rachel: What?
Joey: Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this.
Rachel: Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Monica: Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Ross: Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.


[Date: December 14, 1995, Session #226]

Joey: I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Chandler: Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
Ross: Hey guys.
CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey.
Ross: Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh.  Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Rachel: Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Ross: How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'?  Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Gunther: Yeah.
Ross: Here, go nuts. 
Ross: Hey guys.
CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey.
Chandler: What's in the bag?
Ross: Um, just some presents.
Joey: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.
Ross:  OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.
Monica: Cute.
Ross: I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom.
Monica: Ross, that is gorgeous!
Ross: Yeah?
Monica: Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Phoebe: Hey.
GANG: Hey. Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe: Happy Christmas Eve Eve.  Oh my God, where did you get this?
Ross: Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Phoebe: This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
Chandler: Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Phoebe: No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
Rachel: Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Phoebe: No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Rachel: How have you never been on Oprah?
Phoebe:  OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Monica: Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Phoebe: It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother. 
Monica: Oh, wait a minute honey.
GANG: Phoebs. 
Monica: Wow.
Joey: So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
GANG: Joey!
Joey: Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!


[Date: December 14, 1995, Session #227]

Chandler: Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Rachel: Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Chandler: Who said anything about Christmas?
Monica: Hi.
Ross: Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?
Rachel: No, nothin'.
Monica: I hope she's OK.
Joey: Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.
Monica: How do you know exactly what she's going through?
Joey: She told us.
Chandler: So whaddya got there Monica?
Monica: Just some stuff for the party.
Ross: Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Monica: You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Chandler: Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Rachel: Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent. 
Monica: Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
Joey: Monica, pigeons learn faster that you.
Ross: Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Rachel: Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Ross: C'mon Rachel.
Rachel: OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Ross: See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Rachel: Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross. 


[Date: December 24, 1995, Session #228]

Ross: C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
Monica: For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.
Rachel: Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.
Monica: Rach, get the heat.  Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
Ross: Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Monica: Ross, the heat!
Ross: Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one.  OK, this way is on, so this is. . .  off.
Rachel: Did you just break the radiator?
Ross: No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
Monica: Well put it back.
Ross: It uhh, it won't go back.
Rachel: I'll call the super.
Monica: Here, let me try.
Ross: Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Monica: Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
Rachel:  Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Ross: OK, tip the man.
Monica: No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Ross: Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.


[Date: December 24, 1995, Session #229]

Rachel:  Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Ross:  It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Monica:  Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Ross: Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Monica: Really? I'm perfectly comfortable.  Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next. 
Rachel:  Mr. Treeger.
Mr. Treeger: Uhh, you said there was a party.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Mr. Treeger: Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Ross: Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Monica: No, I will not cave.
Rachel: Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Ross: Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing.  Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Mr. Treeger: Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
Ross: No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Mr. Treeger: No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.
Monica: Ross.
Ross: Yeah.
Monica:  Looks like he's playin' baseball.
Ross: You mean hardball?
Monica: Whatever.
Rachel: What'cha gonna' do?
Ross: Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
Mr. Treeger: No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Monica: So, wait, you really did like my cookies?
Mr. Treeger: Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.
Rachel: Nice seizing. . . gel boy.
Mr. Treeger:  So, uh, is this, uh, mistletoe?
Rachel: Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil.
Mr. Treeger: Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.
Rachel: Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.


[Date: December 24, 1995, Session #230]

Chandler: Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
Joey: Really, hey, you mind if I turn the heat down?
Monica: Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.
Ross: Hey, Phoebs, how'd it go.
Phoebe: Oh, I couldn't go in.
Monica: Honey, I'm sorry.
Ross: Are you OK?
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Chandler: Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. 
Joey: Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.


[Date: December 25, 1995, Session #231]

Joey: Rach, these are for you.
Rachel: Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Joey: No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.
Chandler: OK, Phoebs, your turn.
Phoebe: Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Joey: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: You guuuyys.
Joey: And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.
Ross: You got me a cola drink?
Chandler: And, a lemon lime.
Ross: Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.
Chandler: And last but not least.
Joey: They're ribbed for your pleasure.

[Date: January 4, 1996, Session #232]

Rachel: Joey, would you slow down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.
Joey: I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.
Monica: You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.
Phoebe: Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your throne you could kind of see your... royal subject.
Joey: Here it is, here it is.  The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction was Joseph Tribbiani's disturbingly unskilled portrayal of the king.
Chandler: OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.
Phoebe: OK.  The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...
Chandler: Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.
Ross: I don't want to.
Rachel: Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reason.
Ross: Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.
Joey: No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.
Monica: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind.  In a mediocre play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels of... continued on page 153... sucking.


[Date: January 4, 1996, Session #233]

Joey: When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
Ross:  Hiiiiii.
Phoebe: Are... are you OK?
Ross: Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Monica: Maybe.
Ross: Don't toy with me.
[Fun Bobby  enters from Monica's bedroom.]
Fun Bobby: Geller!
Ross: Hey, Fun Bobby!
Fun Bobby: Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?
Ross: Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Monica: You and me both.
Fun Bobby: Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?
Phoebe: Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.
Fun Bobby: Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
Joey: No, I'm alright man. Really.
Fun Bobby: No, I'm picking you up.
Joey: Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me...  Alright! It still works.
Fun Bobby: OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up?  I'm still gonna go.
Monica: OK, I'll see you later babe.
Fun Bobby: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. 
Fun Bobby: See ya. 
All: Bye! See you later!
Phoebe: Fun Bobby is so great.
Monica: Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Phoebe: Half full of looooovvvvve.
Monica: And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Phoebe: Cabin of loooooovvvvve.
Rachel: We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. 
Monica: Really? I only had two glasses.
Joey: I just had a glass.
Phoebe: Two.
Rachel: I had one glass.
Chandler: I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Rachel: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
Ross: Oooooh.
Joey:  Ooooooh.
Monica: So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Ross: Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Joey: Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Monica: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.


[Date: January 6, 1996, Session #234]

Rachel: What's the matter?
Monica: It's Fun Bobby.
Rachel: What, isn't he sober?
Monica: Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Rachel: Ohhh, OK.
Monica: Alright, here you go, sweetie. 
Fun Bobby: Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?
Monica: Oh God, yes!
Fun Bobby: There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
Phoebe: That is funny.
Fun Bobby: I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
Monica: Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?
Fun Bobby: Oh yeah. See you guys. 
Chandler: Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.
Monica: Oh.... my... God.
Phoebe: It's not that bad.
Monica: Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
Phoebe: OK, OK, don't get all squinky.
Rachel: Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Monica: But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
Phoebe: Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
Russ: Hi.
Chandler:  Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
Rachel: Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Russ: OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.
Phoebe: Rachel? Um, hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Phoebe: OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
Rachel: Uhh.... waitressing?
Phoebe: Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
Rachel:  Huh, Bob Saget?
Phoebe:  Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh.
Phoebe: Oh, my, oh!
Ross: What? What's wrong?
Phoebe: I, OK....
Monica: She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.
Ross: Alright.
Chandler:  Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK.  Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.
Russ: Hi.
Ross: Hi.
Russ: Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?
Ross: Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Russ: Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.
Ross: A date.
Russ: Yeah, I'm her date.
Ross: Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.
Chandler: You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Russ: Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.
Ross: Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Russ: Periodontist.
Monica: See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Ross: Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
Russ: Ditto.
Ross: I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Rachel: Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Ross: Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Rachel: Well, yeah, this is the deal.
Ross: OK, well, um, have a nice evening.
Rachel: Um, Russ, you ready?
Russ: Yeah.
Rachel: Bye.
Monica: Bye.
Phoebe: Bye.
Ross:  She's dating. She's dating.
Chandler: Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?
Ross: What do you mean?
Monica: Do you not see it?
Ross: See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
Chandler: Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
Ross: ....................Yeah.


[Date: January 7, 1996, Session #235]

Chandler: Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Russ: Dysprosium.
Ross:  Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
Chandler: And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Phoebe: You don't see it? You actually don't see it?
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: OK honey, you're dating Ross.
Rachel: No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.
Phoebe: Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!
Rachel: Steve... sleeve!
Phoebe: OK, noone is named Sleeve.
Rachel: Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
Ross:  For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
Russ: You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.
Chandler: OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Russ: I know what your problem is.
Ross: Oh you do, do you?
Russ: Um-hum, you're jealous.
Ross: Of... of what?
Russ: You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.
Ross: Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
Russ: Hey, you listen.
Ross: No, no, let me finish.
Russ: No, let me finish.
Ross: No, you let me fini...
Ross: Hi.
Russ: Hi.
Rachel: Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! 


[Date: January 8, 1996, Session #236]

Rachel: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Chandler: No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Rachel: I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
Chandler: Me.
Rachel: Why would I have to sleep with you?
Chandler: It's my game. You want the job or not?
Chandler: Hey.
Monica: Morning.
Ross: Where ya goin'?
Monica: Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?
Ross: Ooooohhhh.
Phoebe: What's with all the bottles of liquor?
Ross: What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Monica: Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
Rachel: Oh God, even his knock is boring.
Monica: Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.
Fun Bobby: Uh, can I talk to you a minute?
Monica: Sure.
Fun Bobby: This is really hard for me to say.
Monica: Oh God, you fell off the wagon.
Fun Bobby: Oh, no, no, it's about you.
Monica: What about me?
Fun Bobby: I think you may have a drinking problem.
Monica: What these?  Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Fun Bobby: Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
Monica: Oh... shoot.
Fun Bobby: Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.
Monica: OK.
Monica: Take care.
Fun Bobby: You too.
Rachel: What happened?
Monica: Well we... we kinda broke up.
GANG: Awwwwwwww.
Monica:  Does anybody want these?
Chandler: I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
Joey: Hey.
GANG: Hey!
Ross: How'd the callback go?
Joey: It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.
Chandler: So what'd you do?
Joey: Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.
Ross: Good for you.
Joey: But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Phoebe: So... and?
Joey: Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
GANG: Allright!
Joey: Alright... I've got to go shower.  


[Date: January 18, 1996, Session #237]

Ross: Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Carol: So how did everything go?
Ross: Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
Carol: Well, we've gotta go.
Ross: Ok.
Susan: 
Carol: Oh, right. Um, I've got some news. It's about us.
Ross: Oh, you and me?
Carol: Uh, no, Susan and me.
Susan: The other us.
Ross: Ok.
Carol: We're uh, we're getting married.
Ross: As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
Carol: Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.
Ross: Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
Carol: Look I just thought that...
Ross: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Susan: Is your finger caught in that chair?
Ross: Mmm hmmm.
Carol: Want us to go?
Ross: Uh-huh.


[Date: January 19, 1996, Session #238]

Ross: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
Joey: It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Monica: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
ROSS, CHANDLER & JOEY: Yes!
Monica: They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Ross: Would it matter?
Monica: Oh, you are so great!  Thank you!
Joey: Are you really not going?
Ross: I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Monica: They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Ross: If you wanna call that a reason.
Chandler:  Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Monica: Ross, I thought you were over this.
Ross: Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Joey: Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Rachel:  Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
Joey: No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Chandler: Whoa, she's pretty.
Joey: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Rachel: I'm sorry, what?
Monica: What?
Joey: It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
Chandler: Oh, ok.
Joey: There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
MRS. WALLACE: Is she gonna be all right?
Joey: I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
Chandler: Nice!
Rachel: That's great!
Ross: Excellent!
Chandler: For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something.
Ross: That is so good! Do it again!
Joey: All right, all right. "Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!"
Chandler: That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
Ross: No no, that's me.
Chandler: Oh, yeah.
Ross: Oh, hello.
Phoebe: Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...
Ross: Is everything ok?
Phoebe: Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
Ross: Oh my god.
Chandler: That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
Phoebe: Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Monica: Oh, honey.
Phoebe: Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Rachel: What do you mean?
Phoebe: I think it went into me.


[Date: January 19, 1996, Session #239]

Monica: God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
Chandler: Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Rachel: Ok, who ordered what?
Ross: Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
Chandler: Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
Rachel: Oh god.
Joey: I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Rachel: I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Phoebe:  Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?
Phoebe: I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business.  Sit up!
Mrs. Green:  There she is.
Rachel: Mom!
Mrs. Green: Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
Rachel: Pretty much.
Mrs. Green: Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
Rachel: This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross.
Mrs. Green: Oh hello, Ross.
Ross: Hi, Mrs. Green. 
Mrs. Green: So, what do you think of my daughter in the apron with the big job?
Rachel: Oh Mom!
Mrs. Green: If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
Chandler: Believe me, sometimes that happens.
Mrs. Green: This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
Rachel: Really?
Mrs. Green: Yes.
Phoebe: I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
Joey: Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
Phoebe: I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales?


[Date: January 20, 1996, Session #240]

Ross: And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
Rachel: None.
Joey: They didn't fight a lot?
Rachel: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
Phoebe:  In my day, divorce was not an option.
Joey: Hey, look who's up.
Rachel: I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Monica: Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Rachel: Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Chandler: You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Phoebe: That's him.
Chandler: Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.
Mr. Adelman: Phoebe?
Phoebe: Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me.
Mr. Adelman: Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Phoebe: Um, do you wanna sit?
Mr. Adelman: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Phoebe: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Mr. Adelman: You're saying, my wife is in you?
Phoebe: Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Mr. Adelman: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
Phoebe: Everything?
Mr. Adelman: Everything.
Phoebe: Whoa, that's a lot of stuff.
Mr. Adelman: Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head.
Mr. Adelman:  Worth a shot, huh?


[Date: January 21, 1996, Session #241]

Mrs. Green: Look at this.
Rachel: These are from Halloween three years ago.
Mrs. Green: Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
Rachel: No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Monica: Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Rachel: Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Monica: Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
Rachel: Hey, Mon, you want some help?
Monica: If you want.
Phoebe:  Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Rachel: She's still with you?
Phoebe: Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again.  Oh, such a pretty face.
Mrs. Green: This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
Rachel: God!
Monica: All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food.
Mrs. Green: That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?
Rachel: Oh! What's new in sex?
Mrs. Green: The only man I've ever been with is your father.
Monica: I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
Mrs. Green: I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
Mrs. Green: No.
Rachel: You want me to talk you out of it?
Mrs. Green: No.
Rachel: Then what? What do you want?
Mrs. Green: I guess I just figured of all people you would understand this.
Rachel: Why on earth would I understand this?
Mrs. Green: You didn't marry your Barry. I did.
Rachel: Oh.
Monica: All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
Chandler: Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Monica: Joey, speed it up!
Joey: I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant to get in the blankets!
Phoebe: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
Monica: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
Phoebe: Sir! No sir!
Monica:  All right, you!
Ross: No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Monica: All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
Chandler: Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Monica: Hi.
Carol: How's it going?
Monica: It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.
Carol: Fine, whatever.
Ross: What's the matter?
Carol: Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.
Ross: What?
Monica: You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.
Ross: Carol, what's the matter? What happened?
Carol: My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.
Ross: Oh my god.
Carol: I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
Ross: It's ok. I'm sorry.
Carol: And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
Ross: I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
Carol: You do?
Ross: Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Carol: Of course I do.
Ross: Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Carol: You're right. Of course you're right.
Monica: So we're back on?
Carol: We're back on.
Monica: You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.


[Date: January 21, 1996, Session #242]

Joey: It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
Chandler: Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
Phoebe:  Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.
Carol: Thank you.
Ross: Any time. 
Carol: Ross. 
MINISTER: You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Phoebe:  Oh my god. Now I've seen everything!  Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Monica: Would you look at them?
Ross: Yeah, can't help but.
Joey:  How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you?  I wrapped those bad boys.
Phoebe: I miss Rose.
Chandler: Oh, yeah?
Phoebe: I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Phoebe: Ok, that's so nice.
Chandler:  I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? 
Rachel: Hey, Mom? Having fun?
Mrs. Green: Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
Rachel: There's more alcohol, right?


[Date: January 21, 1996, Session #243]

Susan: How you doin'?
Ross: Ok.
Susan: You did a good thing today.
Ross: Yeah.
Susan: You wanna dance?
Ross: No, that's fine.
Susan: Come on. I'll let you lead.
Ross: Ok.
Chandler:  All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.


[Date: January 22, 1996, Session #244]

Monica: Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Ross: Well, Mon, I was married.
Phoebe: Yeah, me, too, technically.
Rachel: I had a wedding.
Monica: All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Joey: I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married? 
Chandler: Isn't Ben in this?
All: Oh, yeah!

[Date: January 22, 1996, Session #245]

Commercial Voiceover: Can't get the monkey off your back? Then put it in your mouth...
Commercial Voiceover: ...With MonkeyShine Beer.  MonkeyShine Beer, 'cause it's a jungle out there.]
Ross: That commercial always makes me so sad.
Joey: Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
Ross: I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
Phoebe: I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Monica: And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Ross: Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Rachel: Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Ross: Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Chandler: Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.


[Date: January 28, 1996, Session #246]

Joey: Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.
Chandler: Rhythm?
Joey: No, my first fan mail.
All: Alright!
Monica:  'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Rachel: Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Monica: This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
Joey: Oh my god, I got my very own stalker.
Ross: Hey guys.
All: Hey.
Phoebe: Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
Ross: Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Chandler: You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Phoebe: Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.
Phoebe: I know, I know.  Hello.
Rob: Hi. I'm Rob Dohnen.
Phoebe: Hi Rob Dohnen.
Rob: I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
Phoebe: Oh, wow.
Rob: Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Phoebe: Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.


[Date: January 29, 1996, Session #247]

Lipson: Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.
Ross: Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Lipson: Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.
Ross: Oh my God, what happened?
Lipson: Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
Ross: I can't believe this.
Lipson: I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Ross: Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
Lipson: I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
Ross: Zoo dollars?
Lipson: Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.


[Date: January 29, 1996, Session #248]

KIDS: Ooohhh.
Phoebe: I know.
Monica: I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
Chandler: Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery?
RACHEL AND MONICA: Yeah.
Chandler: Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Rachel: And she's not crazy?
Chandler: Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Rachel: Oh my God.
Monica: Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Chandler: Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Rob: You OK?
Phoebe: No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
Rob: That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
Phoebe: I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
Ross: I was thinkin' about it.
Phoebe: OK.  OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
All: Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe: OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. 
Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes,
she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike.
But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner,
And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner.
Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru,
but the truth is she died and some day you will too.
La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...


[Date: January 29, 1996, Session #249]

Janitor: Meet me in the nocturnal house in 15 minutes.
Ross: Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
Janitor: It's about your monkey. It's alive.


[Date: January 29, 1996, Session #250]

Janitor: Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Ross: Buddy, my monkey?
Janitor: Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ross: Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
Janitor: The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
Ross: That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
Janitor: Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
Ross: That guy Lipson?
Janitor: Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
Ross: No, I, I only know Lipson.
Janitor: Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Ross: Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Janitor: Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Ross: Of course.
Janitor: Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Ross: This is unbelievable.
Janitor: So, what is this information worth to you, my friend?
Ross: Are you trying to get me to bribe you?
Janitor: Maybe.
Ross: But you already told me everything.


[Date: January 30, 1996, Session #251]

Ross: Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Rachel: Well, so what're you gonna do?
Ross: Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
Chandler: That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
Phoebe: OK, hi again.
All: Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe: Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals.
 Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo,
Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo.
Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up,
And that's how we get hamburgers.
Nooowww, chickens!


[Date: January 30, 1996, Session #252]

TV DOCTOR: You're the only one who can save her Drake.
JOEY ON TV: Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.
Ross: Well, there goes my whole belief system.
Erica: It's Erica.
Joey: Oh my God, quick turn off the TV.
Rachel: No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
Joey: Uh, I get Leslie out of the coma and then we make out.
Rachel: Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Monica: Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
Joey: Hey Erica, c'mon in.
Erica: How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?
Joey: Right, they uh, they choppered me in. What's up?
Erica: Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?
Joey: Who?
Erica: Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's lounge.
Joey: It's not what you think, that was...
Erica: You told me I was the only one. 
Joey: Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
Erica: Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
Joey: Somebody wanna help me out here?
Rachel: Oh, I know, I know. 
Erica: How, how can you be here and there.
Joey: 'Cause it's a television show.
Erica: Drake, what're you getting at?
Joey: I'm not Drake.
Ross: That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Erica: Is this true?
Rachel: Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me. 
Monica: And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't. 
Chandler: And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. 
Erica: Is all this true?
Joey: Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
Erica: Oh Hans. 
Ross: Hans...Hans...Yo evil twin.
Joey: Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care
Erica: I'll never forget you Hans. 
Joey: OK, alright, the people who threw the water.


[Date: January 31, 1996, Session #253]

Ross: Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
Rachel: You're kidding.
Joey: This is amazing.
Ross: I know.
Joey: I finally get a part on TV and the monkey's makin' movies.
Phoebe: OK, Rachel, I'm ready.
Rachel: OK.
KID: Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?
Phoebe: Um, yeah I guess that's me.
KID:  She's here.
Phoebe:  Sometimes men love women,
sometimes men love men,
and then there are bisexuals,
though some just say they're kidding themselves.
la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...


[Date: February 1, 1996, Session #254]

Ross: This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
Chandler: What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?
Security Guard: C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
Ross: Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey?
Security Guard: I'm sorry guys, closed set.
Ross: Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together.
Security Guard: Yeah, and I have a time share in the Pocanos with Flipper.
Monica: Ross, there he is.
Ross: Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel.  In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight.  In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight.  a-weema-way, a-weema-way..... 


[Date: February 1, 1996, Session #255]

Security Guard: Uh, excuse me folks this is a uhh...
Joey: Closed set. We know but we're friends with the monkey. 
Ross: Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante. 
Joey: Woah, dude, burn.
Ross: I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
TRAINER: Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
Rachel: Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
TRAINER: In human terms, I'd say Cybill Shepard.
All: Woah.
Chandler:  So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid.
Director'S Assistant: Hey Sal, Jerry wants to know if the monkey's ready for the subway set?
Joey: Uh, excuse me. Jerry is the director, which one's he?
Director'S Assistant: The one in the director's chair.
Joey: Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
Phoebe: OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Joey: Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Susie: We've got a problem.
Director'S Assistant: Tell me.
Susie: I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Director'S Assistant: Is it bad?
Susie: It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
Director'S Assistant: I'll talk to her.
Susie: I hate actors.
Chandler:  Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Susie: Excuse me.
Chandler: Ahhhh.
Susie: Uh, is your name Chandler?
Chandler: Uh, yes, yes it is.
Susie: Chandler Bing?
Chandler: Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie: I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler: Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Susie: It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Chandler: Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Susie: Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
Chandler: Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Rachel: What what what what?
Monica: Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
Rachel: Ya think?
Monica: The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Rachel: No, was he any good in it?
Monica: Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Rachel: Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Monica: Oh, yeah.
Rachel: What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Monica: He could hear me.
Rachel: OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Monica: Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
Rachel: Excuse me. Hi.
Van Damme: Hi.
Rachel: Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Van Damme: You don't think I'm cute?
Rachel: I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Van Damme: You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Chandler: No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Susie: OK, well then who was the kid that got caught masturbating?
Chandler: OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
Susie: Oh that's me, I gotta go.
Chandler: Oh uh, o, OK.
Susie: Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Chandler: Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Susie: I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Chandler: No one was around to hear that?
Monica: So what'd he say?
Rachel: Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Monica: Well, thanks anyway.
Rachel: He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Monica: Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Rachel: Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.


[Date: February 2, 1996, Session #256]

Rachel: And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Joey: Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Rachel: Does anybody need anything?
Monica: Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Rachel: That is so unfair.
Phoebe: I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
Ross: Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
Joey: You're blowin' me off for a monkey?
Ross: Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.
Joey: Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.
Chandler: Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Phoebe: Stick a fork what?
Chandler: Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Phoebe: Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.
Chandler: Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Phoebe: Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
Chandler: OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
Chandler: I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Monica: What did you say?
Chandler: Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Phoebe: Oh, you just know.


[Date: February 2, 1996, Session #257]

Ross: OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Joey: Oooh.
Ross: With mealworms.
Joey: Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?
Ross: Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.


[Date: February 2, 1996, Session #258]

Ross: Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Joey: Forget about it.
Susie: How you doin there squirmy?
Chandler: I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Joey: So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities.
Director'S Assistant: I have nothing to do with casting.
Joey: So what're you guys gonna eat?
Susie: How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
Chandler: Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Susie: I want you right here, right now.
Chandler: Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa  They do have the shrimp.
Susie: Meet me in the bathroom. 
Chandler: I'm going to the bathroom now. 
Susie: C'mon.
Chandler: I can't believe we're doing this.
Susie: Alright mister, let's see those panties.
Chandler: Alrighty. 
Susie: Ooh. Ooh. But ya know what would be even sexier?
Chandler: What?
Susie: If you didn't have your shirt tucked into them.
Chandler: Oh.
Susie: Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
Chandler: OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Susie: C'mon hurry, hurry.
Chandler: Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Susie: Alright, turn around. Time to see you from behind.
Chandler: OK.
Susie: Oh, somebody's been doing his buns of steel video.
Chandler: Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
Susie: This is for the fourth grade.
Chandler: Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
Susie: Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
Chandler: What, what's what you mean?
Susie: My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
Chandler: That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Susie: Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this. 
Chandler: Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.


[Date: February 2, 1996, Session #259]

Chandler: Joey?
Joey: Ma?
Chandler: Joey!
Joey: Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.
Chandler: Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
Joey: Are you naked in there?
Chandler: Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.
Joey: Huh, you uh, you always wear panties?
Chandler: No, no, this is the first time.
Joey: Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
Chandler: I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
Joey: Well, let me see.
Chandler: No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.
Joey: Alright, alright.  Woah, someone's flossing.
Ross:  Joey, some people don't like that.
Joey: Chandler's wearing panties.
Ross: What? Let me see. 
Chandler: No, no, you don't have to see.
Ross: Hi Tushie.
Chandler: Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
Joey: Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.
Chandler: How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Joey: Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.
Chandler: Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.
All: Hi.


[Date: February 3, 1996, Session #260]

Chandler: Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?
Phoebe: I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on.
Joey: Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.
Ross: What happened?
Joey: One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Ross: Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Phoebe:  Oh my God.
Ross: What?


[Date: February 4, 1996, Session #261]

Ross: Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
Phoebe: You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Rachel: Oh yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Chandler: How long you been waitin' to say that?
Phoebe: About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS


[Date: February 7, 1996, Session #262]

Ross: Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Phoebe: Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
Ross: Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
Chandler: Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Ross:  I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Phoebe: Hang in there, it's gonna happen.
Ross: Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
Phoebe: Because she's your lobster.
Chandler: Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Phoebe: C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Chandler: Hey, you feelin' better?
Monica: Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Phoebe: So, do you have any other possibilities?
Monica: Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Ross: Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Monica: No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Ross: Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Chandler: Ya know, the man's got a point. 
Phoebe: What is that sparkly thing?
Chandler: That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
Ross: No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.
Monica: Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.


[Date: February 7, 1996, Session #263]

Ross: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Phoebe: I think she's OK.
Ross:  Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something.  Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Rachel: What?
Ross: I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Rachel: What are you, what are you doin'?
Ross: Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
MAN: Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.
Ross: OK, see ya later, nice meeting you.  You're welcome.
Rachel: What?
Ross: I was saving you.
Rachel: Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Ross: Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
Rachel: OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
Ross: But, you are.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
Rachel: OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Ross: No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Phoebe: Do the claws again.
Ross: Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
Rachel: Ross, there is no us, OK.
Ross: No, but. . .
Rachel: No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Ross: Well, but, but. . .
Rachel: NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Ross: E-except, except that what?
Rachel: No, no, ACC-cept that.
Ross: Oh.


[Date: February 7, 1996, Session #264]

Mr. Geller: You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
Ross: Hey guys.
Mrs. Geller: Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?
Ross: No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today.
Mr. Geller: A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up. 
Monica: Where have you been?
Ross: Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?
Monica: No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
Ross: C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
Monica: Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
Mrs. Geller: Why?
Monica: Because they made me.
Mrs. Geller: You were fired? What're you gonna do?
Mr. Geller: Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
MONICA and ROSS: In the bank.
Mr. Geller: There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it. 
Monica: Anything larger back there?


[Date: February 7, 1996, Session #265]

Ross: Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.
Monica: You have dinosaur checks?
Ross: Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
Monica: Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Phoebe:  Hey, Mon, what is this?
Monica: Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Chandler: Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Joey:  Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?
Monica: Hey, you got me, put it in.
Ross:  Oh.
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Hi.
Mrs. Geller: Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this. 
Rachel: Oh my God.
Joey: What is with your nose?
Rachel: They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
Chandler: OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Monica: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
All: Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Mrs. Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Monica: Over here dad. 
MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out?  There she is.
Joey: Some girl ate Monica.
Monica: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Chandler: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Monica: Oh, you look so great.
Rachel: Ahh, so do you, beautiful. 
Monica: Oops.
Rachel: What?
Monica: Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Rachel: Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
Mr. Geller: Everybody smile.
Monica: Oh, dad, turn it off.
Mr. Geller: It is off.
Monica: Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Mr. Geller: It's the off light. Right Ross? 
Joey: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Ross: You look pretty tonight.
Rachel: Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Ross: Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Rachel:  Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Ross: Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . . 
Rachel: Oh, the guys are here.
Ross: this summer?
Chandler: Work on your music?
Rachel: Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.
Monica: Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Rachel: Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
ROY: He'll be here OK, take a chill pill. 
Monica: I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
Rachel: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Monica: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
ROY: Oh, I'm gonna kick Chip's ass.
Mrs. Geller:  I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
Ross: Doubtful.
Mrs. Geller: Jack, give me that. Talk to your son.
Mr. Geller: Your mother's right. Take her, you can wear my tux.
Ross: Dad, she won't want to go with me.
Mr. Geller: Of course she would, you're a college man.
Ross: I don't know.
Mr. Geller: Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?
Rachel: I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.
Ross: OK. Hold my board.
Mr. Geller: Atta boy. 
Ross: OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
All: No, no, no.
Ross: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
Mr. Geller: C'mon kid, let's go.
Mrs. Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome.
Mr. Geller: Let's show 'em.
Ross: Uh, just a sec dad.  OK, be cool, just be cool.  OK dad.
Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no. 
RACHEL, MONICA, ROY, and CHIP: Bye.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Mr. Geller: Press the button.
Mrs. Geller: Which one? Which button, Jack.
Mr. Geller: The button, the button.
Monica: I can't believe you did that.
Ross: Yeah, well.
Phoebe: See, he's her lobster.


[Date: February 8, 1996, Session #266]

Phoebe: I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
Chandler: Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Ross: This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
All: Woah!
Monica: Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?
Rachel: Hi you guys.
All: Hey.
Rachel: Hey you.
Ross: Hey you. 
CHANDLER and JOEY: Woah, hey, yo. 
Rachel: So, uh, how was your day?
Ross: Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Rachel: Really? Mine too.
Phoebe: Hey cool, mine too.
Ross:  Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.
Rachel: OK. 
Ross: Bye guys.
All: Bye.
Monica:  Tonight?
CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, yo. 
Monica: What's tonight?
Rachel: It is our first official date. Our first date.
Monica: Uh, hello.
Rachel: Hi.
Monica: Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Rachel: God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Monica: Yes but my mom got me this job.
Phoebe: OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
Rachel: Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Monica: Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Phoebe: I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.


[Date: February 8, 1996, Session #267]

Rachel: C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Ross: I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
Rachel: I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
Rachel: Honey, I'm just checking.
Ross: Oh.
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: Mon.
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: Mon.
Ross: What, what.
Rachel: I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Ross: And that's, that's funny why?
Rachel: Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Ross: I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
Rachel: OK. 
Ross: OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
Rachel: I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Ross: No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Rachel: Just one cheek.
Ross: Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.
Rachel: Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Ross: That's romantic.
Rachel: C'mon touch it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Oh, come on squeeze it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Rub it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.


[Date: February 9, 1996, Session #268]

Joey: Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
Chandler: You got a Cheeto on your face man.
Joey: Hi.
CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.
Joey: What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?
Ross: That was 14 hours ago.
Chandler: So how'd it go?
Ross: Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Chandler: Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Joey: She laughed at you?
Ross: Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Chandler: It's the Miracle Wax.
Joey: It certainly is a miracle.
Rachel: Hi you guys.
CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
Chandler: Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Rachel: OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Ross: No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Rachel: Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Ross: Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.
Rachel: What's this.
Chandler: Could you get us a couple of beers?


[Date: February 10, 1996, Session #269]

Phoebe: We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs.
CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, woah, hey, woah.
Phoebe: You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
Joey: No, inside good, outside bad.
Phoebe: You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
Chandler: She's one of us now.
Rachel: Hi you guys.
Ross: Hey.
CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Hey.
Ross: Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight.
CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Goodnight.
Ross: Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Rachel: Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Joey:  Naa, she's lyin'.
Monica: Stop sending food to our apartment.
Ross: Well, why're you all dressed up?
Phoebe: You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Ross: What? You have a date? Who with?
Monica: No one.
Ross: C'mon, what's his name?
Monica: Nothing.
Ross: Come on, tell me.
Monica: Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Ross: Oh, I promise, what.
Monica: It's Richard Burke.
Ross: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Monica: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Ross: Doctor Burke is sexy?
RACHEL and PHOEBE: Oh God, absolutely.
Ross:  It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Rachel: Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
Monica: When?
Rachel: When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. 
Phoebe: Oh you are so lucky.
Rachel: I know.
Ross:  Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Chandler: Well maybe he was nervous.


[Date: February 10, 1996, Session #270]

Ross: Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Rachel: It's OK, it's fine.
Ross: KARL!


[Date: February 10, 1996, Session #271]

Ross: Rach.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: I'm done.
Rachel: Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Ross: Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Rachel: No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Ross: No, no, we won't.
Rachel: We won't?
Ross:  C'mon.
Rachel: OK, that's dead right?


[Date: February 10, 1996, Session #272]

Rachel: What is this? What are we doing?
Ross: Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
Rachel: Grape.
Ross:  OK, now, sit. OK. 
Rachel: Oh, God.
Ross: Sorry.
Rachel: Ah, so what are we looking at?
Ross: Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Rachel: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. 
Ross: You're not laughing.
Rachel: This time it's not so funny.
Rachel: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Ross: What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
Rachel: Oh, thank God.


[Date: February 11, 1996, Session #273]

Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.
Ross: I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.
Rachel: What?
Ross: We're not alone. 


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #274]

Chandler: Hey.
MONICA and PHOEBE: Hey.
Joey: Hey.
Phoebe: Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?
Joey: Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.
Phoebe: Ahh.
Rachel:  OK, ready when you are.
Phoebe: Okey-doke.
Monica: I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.
Chandler: Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?
Rachel: Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.
Joey: Wow, this is wild. What're you gonna get?
Phoebe: Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.
Chandler: Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
Joey: So where you gettin' it?
Phoebe: I think on my shoulder. 
Ross: What? What's on your shoulder?
Phoebe: Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.
Ross: A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that?  Hi.
Rachel: Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
Ross: No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
Monica: Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Chandler: Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Monica: Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.
Joey: Oh, is today the day you're gonna tell them about you two?
Monica: Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.
Phoebe: No, I think you should tell them.
Monica: No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
Ross: I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #275]

Ross: Alright, shall we?
Monica: OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
Ross: Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it.  We're here.
Mrs. Geller: Oh hi kids. Hi darling.
Monica: Happy birthday dad.
Mr. Geller: Oh thank you.
Ross: Hi ma.
Richard: Happy birthday.
Mrs. Geller: Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?
Ross: Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #276]

Mr. Geller: C'mon, tell us.
FRIEND: Yeah, is she really 20.
Richard: I am not telling you guys anything.
Mr. Geller: C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.
Ross: Dad, you really don't want to do that.
Mr. Geller: Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?
Richard: Jack, would you let it go?
Mr. Geller: Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
Richard: Guys. Seriously, it is not like that.
Mr. Geller: Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .
Ross: Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.
Mr. Geller: What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #277]

Mr. Geller: Who's drink can I freshen?
Mrs. Geller: Almost time for cake.
Ross: Mon, Mon, are you OK?
Monica: You remember that video I found of mom and dad?
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Well, I just caught the live show.
Ross: Eww.


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #278]

Monica: Hey there.
Richard: What?
Monica: Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.
Richard: Humm, really?
Mrs. Geller: Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?
Richard: Uhh, not that I know of.
Mrs. Geller: Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?
Richard: That - that's an idea.
Monica: Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone.
Mrs. Geller: Oh?
Richard: Oh?
Ross: Ohh.
Mrs. Geller: She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?
Ross: Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal?
Mrs. Geller: So, who's the mystery man?
Monica: Well, uh, he's a doctor.
Mrs. Geller: A real doctor?
Monica: No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him. 
Mrs. Geller: Well that's wonderful. . . I
Monica: Mom, it's OK.
Richard: It is Judy.
Mrs. Geller: Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
Mr. Geller:  Found it.
Ross: I'll take that dad. 
Mrs. Geller: It seems your daughter and Richard are something of an item.
Mr. Geller: That's impossible, he's got a twinkie in the city.
Monica: Dad, I'm the twinkie.
Mr. Geller: You're the twinkie?
Richard: She's not a twinkie.
Monica: Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . .
Mrs. Geller: Oh please, a relationship.
Monica: Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.
Richard: Really?
Monica: Yes.
Mr. Geller: Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?
Monica: Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier.
Mr. Geller: When did I say that?
Monica: Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom.


[Date: February 15, 1996, Session #279]

Monica: So, are you sorry that I told them?
Richard: No, it's been a long time since your dad and I went running.
Rachel: Oh.
Monica: Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.
Rachel: Is Ross here?
Monica: No he went out to get pizza.
Rachel: Oh really, OK. 
Monica: That's great.
Richard: Very tasteful.
Phoebe: Wanna see mine, wanna see mine?
Monica: Yes.
Rachel: What? You didn't get one.
Phoebe: OK, well then what is this? 
Richard: What're we looking at? That blue freckle?
Phoebe: OK, that's my tattoo.
Rachel: That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Phoebe: OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Rachel: Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. 
Ross: You got a tattoo?
Rachel: Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Ross: Lemme see. 
Rachel: Well?
Ross: Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?
Rachel: I guess.
Ross: Hey, save us some pizza. 


[Date: February 16, 1996, Session #280]

Joey: Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?
Chandler: Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . .  except when we are here.
Phoebe: I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
Monica: I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Rachel: Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Joey: Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Chandler:  Yeah, I remember.
Ross: Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.
Chandler: So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Joey: Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.
Chandler: Thanks.
Joey: So, I guess this is it.
Chandler: Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
Joey: Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
Chandler: Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Joey: Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.
Chandler: Yeah.

[Date: February 22, 1996, Session #281]

Joey: Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.
Ross: Get out.
All: No.
Monica:  Wow Joey, this is, uhh...
Joey: Art.
Monica: Art it is.
Ross:  Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Rachel:  Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Phoebe:  Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.
Joey: Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.
Phoebe: Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.
Joey: Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?
Ross: Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.
Joey: Right, I go-, I got it.
Phoebe: So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
Joey: Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon.  Heh?
Rachel: Hey, nice toilet.
Joey: No no no, behind it.
Ross: Wha-, you have a phone in here?
Joey: That's right, I have a phone in here.
Monica: Joey, promise me something.
Joey: Yeah.
Monica: Never call me from that phone.


[Date: February 22, 1996, Session #282]

Rachel: OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.
Phoebe: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Chandler: Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Phoebe: Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
All: OK.
Phoebe: OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
All: 
Phoebe: I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.
All: 
Phoebe: I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.
Phoebe: I'm done now.
All: 
Rachel: Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
Ross: Get the what?
Rachel: Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go.
GUY: What're you doing?
Ross: I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7. 


[Date: February 23, 1996, Session #283]

Monica: Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.
Ross: Calm down, I'm blow drying.
Monica: Blow drying what, you have no hair.
Rachel: What's goin' on?
Monica: Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Rachel: Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Monica: GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!
Rachel: Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.
Ross:  All yours.
Monica: I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
Ross:  I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
Monica: Shut up.
Ross:  Shut up.
Monica: Cut it out.
Ross:  Mi-mi-mii.
Rachel:  I've never wanted you more.


[Date: February 24, 1996, Session #284]

Ross: I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Chandler: But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Ross: Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
Rachel: Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
Chandler: But...
Ross: No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.


[Date: February 24, 1996, Session #285]

Ross: No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah.  Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Monica: I was.
Ross: Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line.  Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks.  Call Joanna.  Hi.
Monica: Did she leave a number?
Ross: Did you see me write one down?
Monica: I don't have her number, butt-munch.
Ross: Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.
Monica: I'm not a baby, you're the baby.
Ross: Look, you wanna get off my back?
Monica: You wanna get out of my face?
Ross: Wait hold on Tony, hold on.  Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on.  Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
Monica: Give me that.
Ross: OK.
Monica: Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. 


[Date: February 25, 1996, Session #286]

Monica: I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?
Ross: Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.
Rachel: It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate.
Phoebe: Hey.
All: Hey.
Phoebe: Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.
All: 
Phoebe: Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video.  OK.
Phoebe: Oh my God.
Ross: I know.
Phoebe: I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Rachel: Pretty uhm, different huh?
Phoebe: Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.


[Date: February 26, 1996, Session #287]

Monica: I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.
Ross: Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.
Rachel: Would you guys stop.
Monica: It's my TV.
Ross: Wha-, oh, quit it.
Monica: Bite me.
Rachel: Oh my God.
Ross: Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Monica: Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
Rachel: Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy. 
Monica: OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Ross: Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Monica: Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
Ross: Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
Monica: I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Ross: Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Monica: Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
Ross: Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Monica: Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
Ross: You hated me when we were kids?
Monica: Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Ross: Why did you hate me?
Monica: Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
Ross: And that wasn't fun for you?
Monica: Duh-huh!
Ross: I can't believe you hated me.
Monica: Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.
Ross: Really?
Monica: Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
Ross: I can do that.
Monica: Then I won't have to kill you.
Ross: So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?
Monica: Yeah, thanks. You know what?
Ross: What?
Monica: If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.
Ross: Ohh... OK. 


[Date: February 26, 1996, Session #288]

Phoebe: Hey.
All: Hey.
Phoebe: Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
All: No.
Phoebe: Yes.
Rachel: Well, how did you find out?
Phoebe: Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Monica: So what're you gonna do?
Phoebe: Well, I can't work with people who would do this.
Monica: Sure.
Phoebe: I mean this poor woman.
Ross: What woman?
Phoebe: The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
Rachel: OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Phoebe: Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.


[Date: March 21, 1996, Session #289]

Amber: Oh Drake.
Dr. Remore: I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.
Ross: I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?
Monica: We, we just wanna see the end.
Amber: I want you Drake.
Dr. Remore: I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.
Amber: What?
Dr. Remore: There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.
Rachel: So what happens next?
Joey: Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
Chandler: God that is good TV.


[Date: March 22, 1996, Session #290]

Phoebe: And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Richard: Phoebe's got another job, right?
Rachel: Great set tonight Phoebs.
Phoebe: I know.
Ross: Well, we should probably get going.
Richard: Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.
Monica: Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
Richard: I don't know, I don't have my jammies.
Monica: Well, maybe you don't need them.
Ross: My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Monica: Shut up, I'm happy.
Phoebe: Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Richard: Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.
Phoebe: Ok.
Richard: Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.
Monica: Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.
Rachel: Phoebe's dead.


[Date: March 22, 1996, Session #291]

Monica: Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Rachel: Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
Ross: G'night.
Richard: Night Richard. Good luck Mon.
Monica: Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
Richard: Two.
Monica: Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Richard: Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Monica: Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. 
Richard: Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Monica: Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.
Rachel: Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
Ross: Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?
Rachel: Uhhhooo.
Ross: C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.
Rachel: Well, there's you.
Ross: Better not be doin' these in order.
Rachel: Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Ross: Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
Rachel: Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Ross: Really?
Rachel: Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.


[Date: March 22, 1996, Session #292]

Richard: That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Monica: Well yeah.
Richard: Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.
Monica: You really ok with it?
Richard: Oh honey, I'm fine.
Monica: Oh, yay. Ok about that two.
Richard: What? Alright, what about my two?
Monica: Well, it just seems like a really small number.
Richard: Right, and...
Monica: And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Richard: Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
Monica: But you've only slept with two people.
Richard: Right.
Monica: Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Richard: Now I do. 
Rachel: Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Ross: Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Rachel: God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Ross: Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Rachel: Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Ross: Knock-knock.
Rachel: But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Ross: Until now. 
Rachel: Oh, hi.
Monica: Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Rachel: Oh my God, honey that's great.
Monica: I know. I just can't find...
Rachel: Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.
Monica: You need one too?
Rachel: Ooooh yeah.
Monica: There's only one.
Richard: Monica.
Monica: Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. 
Ross:  Rachel.  Hey.
Richard: Hey. They're just trying to decide somehting.
Ross: Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Richard: No.
Ross: Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
Richard: I have a little comb.
Ross: Oh. And what do you call that?
Richard: A moustache comb.
Rachel: Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.
Monica: No.
Rachel: Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Monica: Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
Rachel: Agghhh.
Ross: So were you in Nam?
Rachel: Rock-paper-scissors?
Monica: Yeah.
RACHEL and MONICA: One two three. 
Rachel: Yeesss.
Monica: Fine, go have sex.
Richard: No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
Ross: No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Rachel: Honey.
Ross: What, what oh....
Richard: Shall we?
Monica: It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.
Richard: Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...


[Date: March 23, 1996, Session #293]

Chandler: So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
Monica: Why?
Chandler: Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.
Phoebe: Why would you kill his fish?
Chandler: Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
Rachel: Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? 
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Wait, he's not here yet.
Rachel: So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Alright.
Chandler: Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
Rachel: Oh good.
Dr. Remore: Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.
Amber: Oh Drake.
DR HORTON: Hard day huh? First the medical award, this.
Dr. Remore: Some guys are just lucky I guess.
INTERCOM: Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
Dr. Remore: Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
DR. HORTON: No, no, they only said you.
Dr. Remore: Oh, ok. Alright.
AMGER: I love you Drake.
Dr. Remore: Yeah, whatever. Oh no.
Amber: Drake, look out.
Dr. Remore: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Monica: Did they just kill off Joey?
Ross: No.  Now maybe.


[Date: March 23, 1996, Session #294]

Ross: C'mon.
Rachel: Joey.
Ross: Open up. We want to talk to you.
Joey: I don't feel like talkin.
Rachel: Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.
Chandler: We're worried about you.
Monica: And some of us really have to pee.
Monica: Sorry Joey 
Joey: Hey.
Phoebe: Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.
Chandler: We came over as soon as we saw.
Ross: How could you not tell us?
Joey: I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
Rachel: Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Joey: Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Phoebe: But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Joey: Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
Phoebe: Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
Monica: Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Chandler: It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Joey: No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Chandler: I'm sorry man.
Rachel: Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
Joey: No, that means nothin to me.


[Date: March 24, 1996, Session #295]

Ross: Hey.
Richard: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Richard: Ohh, brisk tonight.
Ross: Oh man.
Richard: Let's never speak of this.
Ross: You got it.

[Date: March 29, 1996, Session #296]

Rachel: Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
Monica: Isn't it.
Rachel: Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Phoebe: I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
Ross: Hey you guys.
Monica: Hey.
Ross: Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.
Rachel: NO!
Ross: No?
Rachel: No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
Ross: Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
Rachel: No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Monica: You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
Ross: Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
Rachel: Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Ross: You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.
Rachel: Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.
Phoebe: Um-um, um-um.
Rachel: You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!


[Date: March 29, 1996, Session #297]

Joey: What is it?
Ross: I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Joey: See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.
Ross: What, what's that?
Joey: It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.
Ross: Open it, open in.
Joey: Oh my God.
Ross: Woah.
Joey: Look at this, how did I spend so much money?
Ross: Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
Joey: Ahh.
Ross: What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Joey: My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ross: Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Joey: What?
Ross: That audition.
Joey: That's a two line part.
Ross: Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
Joey: So what.
Ross: So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.
Joey: Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.
Ross: Toilet paper?
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.
Joey: Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.
Ross: I am your friend.
Joey: Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
Ross: But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Joey: Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
Ross: Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Joey: Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.
Ross: Huh, I'm just saying...
Joey: Well don't just say.
Ross: Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.
Joey: Ok.
Ross: Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Joey: I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?


[Date: March 31, 1996, Session #298]

Joey: Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Ross:  Oh my God, what's goin' on?
Joey: They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.
Ross: No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Joey: Thanks Ross.
Ross: Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
Joey: I went.
Ross: Great, how did it go?
Joey: I didn't get it.
Ross: Good for you.
Joey: What?
Ross: You're livin' the dream.
Joey: Huh?
Ross: All right then.
Joey:  Oh, not my parrot.
Ross: What?
Joey: I can't watch this.
Ross:  Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
MOVER: 1200.
Ross: Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic bird?
Joey: Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.
Ross: Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
MOVER: Uh, the dog. 
Ross: Huh.
MOVER: Yeah.
Ross: I'll take it. My gift to you man.
Joey: Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.


[Date: April 4, 1996, Session #299]

Phoebe: Hey. Watcha guys doin?
Richard: Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.
Phoebe: Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.
Rachel: What?
Ross: What're you talkin' about?
Phoebe: C'mon, happy family gets a dog, frontier fun.
Ross: Yeah but Phoebs, what about the end?
Phoebe: What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
Rachel: That's not the end.
Phoebe: Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'.
Monica: What about the part where he has rabies?
Phoebe: He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
Richard: Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
Phoebe: What, what's about to happen?  I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END. 


[Date: April 4, 1996, Session #300]

Ross:  No no, you're fine, you're fine.
Carol:  Hello
Ross: Hi.
Susan: Hey.
Carol: Hi honey.
Ross: Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
Carol: What?
Susan: What?
Ross: Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
Carol: Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.
Susan: You can watch our tape if you want.
Ross: I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Carol: Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
Ross: Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
CAROL and SUSAN: Great. That would be fine.
Ross: Really? I mean, I, I had a whole speach prepared.
Susan: Oh shout, that would have been fun.
Ross: Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.


[Date: April 5, 1996, Session #301]

Monica: So your first whole weekend without Ben, what're you guys gonna do?
Carol: Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.
Susan: Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female blacksmith down there.
Ross: Well, ya know, they're a little behind the times in Colonial Williamsburg.
Carol: Think I better go before mommy starts weeping.
Ross: Buy mommy.
CAROL and SUSAN: We love you. Buy.
Ross: Have a good time. Ok, Ben.
Monica: Ross.
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Look.  Joey, do you know we can see you from here?
Joey: How come Richard looks so much cooler with one of these than me?
Ross: Well for starters, you may want to light it and lose the spatula.
Monica: You know what, I think it's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.
Joey: Not like him, per-se, just not un-like him.
Ross: Look it's the artist formerly known as Chandler.
Chandler: Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.
Monica: So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?
Joey: Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like dorks.
Ross: Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.
Chandler: Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Monica: You're meeting Richard?
Joey: Yeah, we're goin' to a Ranger game.
Chandler: Yeah, didn't he tell ya?
Monica: Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.
Chandler: You hear that? We're the guys.
Joey: We're the guys.
Monica: With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?
Ross: Thank you.


[Date: April 6, 1996, Session #302]

Ross: Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
Rachel: No luck huh?
Ross: Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Rachel: Oh, yeah sure, Ok. 
Ross: What're you doing?
Rachel: Uh, I'm holding Ben.
Ross: Yeah, well, he's a baby not a bomb.
Rachel: Ok.
Ross: Well just hold him like you'd hold a football.
Rachel: This is how I would hold a football.
Ross: Ok, here, here. There we go.
Rachel: Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
Ross: It's alright, it's no big deal.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: Yeah, definitely, I'm sure you'll feel totally different when it's our baby.
Rachel: What?
Ross: What?
Rachel: You think about stuff like that?
Ross: Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.
Rachel: Two, two babies?
Ross: Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Rachel: Then what's gonna happen?
Ross: Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Rachel: Uh-huh.
Ross: Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Rachel: Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Ross: Huh?
Rachel: I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this  and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door? 


[Date: April 6, 1996, Session #303]

Phoebe: Hey.
Richard: Hey Phoebs, what's happening?
Phoebe: Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
Monica: So you watched the movies huh?
Phoebe: Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
Richard: Charlotte who?
Phoebe: With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Monica: Alright, you wanna feel better?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Monica: Ok, here, watch this.
Phoebe: It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.
Monica: So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
Phoebe: Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
Richard: Uh, the guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kinda see it coming?
Phoebe: Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity.
Chandler:  Hey, big guy, game time.
Richard: Hey, be right there.
Monica: There's a game?
Chandler: Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Richard: It's the basketball playoffs.
Monica: Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Richard: Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
Monica: Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Richard: Uh, it's the college playoffs.
Monica: Oh, then go Vassar.
Richard: Uh, they're not in it.
Monica: Ok, then just go.
Richard: Ok. 
Monica: Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Phoebe: Sure.
Monica: It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Phoebe: Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
Rachel:  Aghh.
Phoebe: Me too. 
Monica: I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Rachel: Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Monica: Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
Ross:  Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Rachel: I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ross: Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Rachel: Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Ross: C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
Rachel: Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
Ross: No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Rachel: What was the book?
Ross: The big book of childrens' names.
Rachel: Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Ross: Ok fine.
Rachel: Thank you.
Ross: We're not done.
Rachel: I didn't know that.
Ross: Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
Rachel: Fine, I will.
Ross: Good, 'cause I love you.
Rachel: Oh yeah.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Well I love you too.
Ross: Well that's the first time we've said that.
Rachel: Yes it is.
Ross: Well, I'm gonna kiss you.
Rachel: Well you better.


[Date: April 7, 1996, Session #304]

Ross: Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
Rachel: Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter.
Ross:  Hello.
Carol: It's us.
Ross: Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together. 
Rachel: Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can.  There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
BEN: Hi.
Rachel: I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
Ross: Wha, what?
Rachel: Ben just said hi.
Ross: What, the word hi?
Rachel: Ye-, no, my Uncle Hi.
Ross: Great, great, and I miss that too, I miss everything.
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I just bring it out in him.
CAROL and SUSAN: Hello.
Rachel: Guess what. Ben just said his first word.
Carol: What did he say?
Ross: Something about hi.
Susan: That's so exciting.
Carol: Mommy is so proud of you. Hi. Hi.
Rachel: You know, actually it's more like, hi.
Carol: Hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Carol: Hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Carol: Hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Carol: Hi.
Susan: Ok, this could go on for a while.
Carol: We've got a cab waiting downstairs.
Ross: Well, this was fun. Uh, we should really do it again sometime, wha'dya say? Ok. Alright so I've got him.
Carol: Tuesday.
Ross: Tuesday right. Ok, bye you guys.
Rachel: Take care.
Ross: Bye Ben.
BEN: Bye.
Rachel: Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Susan: Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
Carol: We've gotta go, we've got that cab waiting.
Ross: Alright, alright, ok. Bye.
BEN: Bye.
Ross: Bye.
BEN: Bye.
Ross: Bye.
BEN: Bye.
Ross: Bye.


[Date: April 25, 1996, Session #305]

Joey: Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
Monica: 'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Rachel: Ok honey, you really need a job.
Ross: Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.
Monica: Really.
Phoebe: Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.
Ross: On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
Phoebe: No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
EVERYONE: Ahh.
Phoebe: And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
Monica: His indian name?
Phoebe: No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
Ross: Freakish.
Monica: Wow.
Joey: Freaky.
Monica: Weird, weird.
Rachel: Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger?
Phoebe: Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him.
Monica: Why?
Phoebe: Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist.


[Date: April 26, 1996, Session #306]

Chandler: Man, I am so beat.
Ross: Oh yeah.
Chandler: Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?
Ross: Yeah alright.
Big Bully:  Hey you're in our seats.
Ross: Oh, sorry we didn't know.
Little Bully:  Hey, we were sitting there.
Chandler: Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?
Little Bully: Is that supposed to be funny?
Chandler: No actually, I was just going for colorful.
Big Bully: What's with this guy?
Little Bully: What's with you?
Ross: Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.
Chandler: What just happened?
Little Bully: I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.
Chandler: That, that is funny. Can I have it back?
Little Bully: No.
Chandler: No?
Big Bully: No.
Ross: Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.
Big Bully: Why should we?
Ross: Because it's a special hat.  See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
Chandler: Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
Big Bully: You got a problem with that?
Chandler: No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.


[Date: April 26, 1996, Session #307]

Rachel: Hey, how'd the interview go?
Monica: It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
Rachel: So don't do it.
Monica: How can I not do it? I have $127 in the bank.
Joey: Monica, relax, go get a beer.
Monica: I don't want a beer.
Joey: Who said it was for you?
ROSS and CHANDLER:  Hhhiiii.
Rachel: What's the matter with you?
Chandler: The mean guys at the coffee house took my hat.
Rachel: Noo.
Joey: You're kiddin'.
Ross: It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
Rachel: Oohhh.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi. 
Chandler: Ohhh  Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one.
Joey: Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.
Chandler: Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Monica:  Hey, I went up.
Rachel: What?
Monica: My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
Joey: Do what?
Monica: Put all my money in me.
Rachel: Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
Monica: What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls... Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.


[Date: April 27, 1996, Session #308]

Chandler: Hey.
Ross: What?
Chandler: Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
Ross: Do you say this stuff to girls?
Big Bully: Hehehehey, isn't that the guy who used to wear your hat?
Little Bully: And look where they're sitting.
Ross: You're joking, right? You guys just walked through the door.
Big Bully: Maybe we didn't make it clear enough.
Little Bully: Yeah.
Big Bully: This couch belongs to us.
Chandler: Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to.
Big Bully: You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.
Ross: Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Gunther: Fellas, these guys were here first.
Big Bully: Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
Little Bully: Sorry.
Gunther: There you go.
Ross: Thank you Gunther. We didn't want to have to go and do that.
Little Bully: He told on us?
Big Bully: You told on us?
Ross: Well pal, you didn't give me much of a choice. 
Chandler: Don't play with his things.
Ross: I know.
Big Bully: Alright, let's take this outside.
Ross: Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that?
Big Bully: The guy that's about to kick your ass talks like that.
Chandler: You had to ask.
Ross: Yeah.
Ross: Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys.
Little Bully: Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
Chandler: I think you played the Gunther card too soon.


[Date: April 28, 1996, Session #309]

Chandler: Your cappucino sir.
Ross: Thank you.
Chandler: Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.
Ross: Absolutely.
Ross: How come it's not mixing with the water?
Chandler:Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Joey:  Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Chandler: Ok.
Ross: No.
Chandler: No?
Ross: No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
Chandler: Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
Joey: Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?
Ross: Yeah, sure.
Joey: By someone besides Monica?
Ross: No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Chandler: Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.


[Date: April 28, 1996, Session #310]

Ross: Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
Chandler: Would you come on! Come on!  Thank you.
Chandler: Ah, there we go.
Ross: I think we proved our point.
Chandler: You burn your mouth?
Ross: Cannot feel my tounge.
Chandler: Bullies, big bullies.
Little Bully: Oh, look who's here, it's the weenies.
Big Bully: Did we not make ourselves clear the other day.
Ross: Yes, and that's why we're here.
Chandler: Yes, we're standing out ground...apparently.
Little Bully: Let's do this alright.
Ross: Woah, ho-ho, whad'ya got there, a weapon?
Little Bully: It's a nice watch, I don't wanna break it on your ribs.
Chandler: Alright, let's do this.
Little Bully: Alright.
Chandler: Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
Ross: Whad'ya mean?
Chandler: Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it.
Big Bully: No, you can't use your watch.
Chandler: Ok. 
Big Bully: Or your keys.
Chandler: Ok.
Little Bully: Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright.  Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
Ross: Before I forget, are we hitting faces?
Big Bully: Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
Ross: Well because I have to work on Monday, I have a big presentation.
Little Bully: Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
Big Bully: Ok, nothing from the neck up.  Or the waist down. Dana's ovulating.
Little Bully: Oh really, you guys tryin' again?
Big Bully: Yeah.
Chandler: Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Big Bully: C'MON!
Ross: Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm standin here, huh.
Chandler: Hey, hey, those guys are takin our stuff! 
Ross: Hey.
Big Bully: Hey.


[Date: April 28, 1996, Session #311]

Ross: God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
Little Bully: Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
Ross: Yeah he was wasn't he.
Chandler: Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
Big Bully: Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Ross: So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
Little Bully: We're ok.
Ross: Alright.
Chandler: Ok so, can I have my hat back?
Little Bully: No.
Chandler: Huh. 


[Date: May 2, 1996, Session #312]

Monica: So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
All: Ohhh.
Monica: What?
Ross: Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?
Monica: You wanna be in charge of the food committee?
Ross: Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?
Joey: Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?
Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Monica: Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
Monica: Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See  honk honk.
Chandler: Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.


[Date: May 3, 1996, Session #313]

Ross: I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.
Monica: Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.
Joey: Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.
Phoebe: Why not her?
Joey: Cause she uh, she steals stuff.
Chandler: Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
Monica: Joey that is horriable.
Joey: Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I didn't know.
Joey: I didn't think anyone'd buy that, ok.
Ross: Hi honey, how did it go?
Rachel: Agh, it was the graduation from hell.
Chandler: Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
Rachel: Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Monica: So what happened?
Rachel: My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
Phoebe: Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.
Monica: Well, how bout just her mom?
Chandler: Why her mom?
Monica: Cause I already invited her.
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?
Joey: Oh no, can't invite her. She also steals.


[Date: May 5, 1996, Session #314]

Chandler: Alright you guys are off to party number one  and you, you are off to party number two  Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Monica: Chandler could you at least send some women to my party?  Alright that's Ross.
Chandler: Ok, they're coming, shhh. 
Rachel: Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Ross: Thanks for being born.
Rachel: Ohh, thank you for my beautiul earrings, they're perfect. I love you.
Ross: Oh, now you can exchange them if you want, ok.
Rachel: Now I love you even more.
All: Surprise.
Rachel: Oh my gosh, wow. Monica. Oh my god. Mom. This is so great.
Mrs. Green: Happy birthday sweetie.
Rachel: Wow you, you. I had no idea.
Ross: Really?
Rachel: No, I knew.
Ross: All right.
Monica: Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.
Ross: What?
Rachel: What?
Monica: Right now, Joey and Chandler's, go now.
Rachel: Why.
Monica: Just go.
All: Surprise.
Mr. Green: Happy birthday sweetpea.
Rachel: Daddy.
Rachel: Both of them are here, both of them, both of them are here?
Chandler: Well, we could count again.
Rachel: I can't believe this is happening.
Ross: You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Rachel: I do.
Ross: That's who.
Chandler: Look, are you gonna be ok?
Rachel: Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
Chandler: Well, actually just one birthday flan.
Rachel: What?
Chandler: It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Chandler: Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
Joey: Quick volleyball question.
Chandler: Volleyball.
Joey: Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Chandler: Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
GIRL'S VOICE: Dennis.
Chandler: Ok, that's me. 
Rachel: Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Ross: Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Rachel: Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Monica: Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Ross: Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
Mr. Green: It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
Ross: I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Monica: Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click.  Gunther, where're you going?
Gunther: I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
Monica: No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
Phoebe: Listen if you wanna go, just go.
GUNTER: No, she'll yell at me again.
Phoebe: Alright, I can get you out.
Gunther: What?
Phoebe: Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
Mr. Green: I think I need a drink.
Ross: Oh, here, I, I'll get it for ya. Whad'ya want?
Mr. Green: Scotch.
Ross: Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.
Mr. Green: Neat.
Ross: Cool.
Mr. Green: No no no, no no no, neat, as in no rocks.
Ross: I know.
Mr. Green: Oh hello Ross, where have you been?
Ross: Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the salmon mousse.
Mrs. Green: Oh, scotch neat. Ya know, that's Rachel's father's drink.
Ross: Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me?  Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Mr. Green: I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.
Ross: No. no.
Mr. Green: Whad'ya mean no?
Ross: No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Mr. Green: Get my glasses too.
Ross: All righty roo.  What a great moment to say that for the first time. 
Monica: Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Phoebe: Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a coaster?
Monica: What?  I don't see anything.
Phoebe: Great, I'm seeing water rings again.
Mrs. Geller: Ross, whose glasses are those?
Ross: Mine.
Mrs. Green: You wear bi-focals?
Ross: Um-hmm.  I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.
Mrs. Green: Did you know my husband has glasses just like that?
Rachel: Well those are very popular frames.
Ross: Neil Sedaka wears them.
GUY:  I hear you can get people out of here.
Mrs. Green: Rachel, you didn't tell me your boyfriend smoked.
Rachel: Yeah, like a chimney.
Ross: Ohh, big smoker.  Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy. 
Mr. Green: Are you wearing my glasses?
Ross: Yes.  I was just warming up the earpieces for you.
Mr. Green: Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?
Ross:  Yeah, yes it is, I was just moistening the tip.
Phoebe: Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
GIRL 1: What about my friend Victor?
Phoebe: No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
GIRL 1: Alright, let me just get my coat.
Phoebe: There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
GIRL 1: Is it true they have beer?
Phoebe: Everything you've heard is true.
Monica: Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Monica: You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
Gunther: Um 
Phoebe:  Ok, welcome to the fu-oh.
Monica: Phoebe.
Phoebe: Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Monica: Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance... 
Rachel: You want me to see a therapist?
Mrs. Green: Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Rachel: Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Mr. Green: Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Rachel: Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
Mrs. Green: You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
Mr. Green: You work and you work and you work on a boat...
Mrs. Green: He always ridiculed my pottery classs...
Mr. Green: ...and you sand it and you varnish it...
Mrs. Green: ...but when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.
Mr. Green: ...and her yoga and her Bridges of Madison County...
Mrs. Green: ...the scotch and the cigarettes...
Mr. Green: ...and the bansai's and the chiuaua...
Mrs. Green: ...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
Mr. Green: ...what the hell does she want with half a boat...


[Date: May 5, 1996, Session #315]

Monica: Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.
Mrs. Green: Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.
Monica: Ok will do. So glad you came.
Mrs. Green: I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.
Monica: Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say goodbye.
Rachel: Oh ok.
Mrs. Green: Happy birthday sweetie.
Rachel: Ok.
Joey: Ahh, you drive safe.
Mrs. Green: Ross, what're you doing.
Ross: I'm getting ready for the water skiing.  How are you doing?
Chandler: Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?
Mr. Green: To get my coat.
GUYS: No no no.
Mr. Green:Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.
Chandler: Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
Phoebe: Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out.  Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Mr. Green: I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.
Phoebe: Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway.
Joey: Thanks for coming Mrs. Greene.  Well, ok, you take care.
Mrs. Green: Oh, you kids  Well, this is the best party I've been to in years.
Monica: Thank you.


[Date: May 9, 1996, Session #316]

Rachel: Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.
Monica: Oh, I ordered mine first.
Chandler: Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster...
Monica: Give it to me.
Chandler: No.
Monica: Give it to me.
Chandler: Ok, you can have it. 
Monica:  There you go, enjoy your coffee.
Chandler: That was there when I got here. 
Phoebe:  Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York.
Monica:  Quick, Phoebe, tell us before he can swallow.
Phoebe: Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.
Rachel: You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Phoebe: Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Joey: Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
Phoebe: No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Rachel: So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
Monica: That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
Ross:  Hiii.
Joey: Oh no, what happened?
Ross: Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.
All: Oh no.
Ross: Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Rachel: Well I've had it.
Joey: Yeah, I've had it.
Monica: Had it.
Chandler: Had it.
Phoebe: Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out.  Oh look!


[Date: May 15, 1996, Session #317]

Ryan: You know what makes the itching even worse?
Phoebe: That you don't stop talking about it.
Ryan: Fine.
Phoebe: Let's just play, ok. Good, ok.  Here we go, double sixes, here we go...  Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
Ryan: What're you doing? Are you scratching?
Phoebe: No. This is what I do for luck, ok.
Ryan: You're scratching. Give me the dice.
Phoebe: No.
Ryan: Give me the dice.
Phoebe: No. Here.  There. Ooh, double sixes.
Ryan: We can't scratch. You know we can't, we'll scar.
Phoebe: Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body. 
Ryan: No.
Phoebe: Give it.
Ryan: No.
Phoebe: Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good. 
Ryan: Oh God help me.
Phoebe: Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder.
Rachel: Oh, stop that, stop that right now.
Ross: You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.


[Date: May 18, 1996, Session #318]

Phoebe: Can I please take these off? I swear I won't scratch.
Rachel: No sorry hon, Monica's orders.
Ryan:  Well that wasn't easy.
Ross: Ok, dinner's on.
Rachel: And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Ross: Alright you kids, bye now.
PHOEBE and RYAN: Bye. 
Ross: Oh look, a low budget puppet show.
Phoebe: It's such a shame you can't see which finger I'm holding up.
Ryan: Wine?
Phoebe: Please. 
Ryan: Oh, I spilled some.
Phoebe: I got it. 
Ryan:  I must tell you, you look beautiful tonight.
Phoebe: What?
Ryan: Sorry. You look beautiful.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: You know what, that's it, that's it. 


[Date: May 25, 1996, Session #319]

Rachel: So uh, Ryan, were you shipping off to?
Ryan: I really can't say.
Ross: So do you have like any nuclear weapons on board?
Ryan: I can't say.
Rachel: Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys.
Ryan: I'm sorry, but I can't say.
Ross: Wow, it, it's neat learning about submarines.
Ryan: I better get out of here, I'm gonna miss my flight.
Phoebe: Ok, I'll walk you out.
Ross: Bye Ryan.
Ryan: Pleasure.
Rachel: It was nice to meet you.
Ryan: Take care.
Rachel: So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, uniform things?
Ross: You like that do ya?
Rachel: Oh yeah.
Ross: I'll make some calls. 
Rachel: Ok.
Ryan: Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
Phoebe: I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that. 
Ryan: Taxi.
Phoebe: Bye you. 


[Date: May 25, 1996, Session #320]

Rachel: Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey sailor.
Ross: Is this what you had in mind?
Rachel: I'll say.
Ross: I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Rachel: Well then uh, we better make this night count.  Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine.  Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse.  Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Ross: Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs. 

[Date: May 27, 1996, Session #321]

Rachel: Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?
Joey: Incredible! I met the director this time and you'll never believe who it was.
All: Who?
Joey: All right. I'll give you one hint. Warren Beatty.
All: Wow!
Joey: Yeah, there's just one thing that might be kind've a problem. See, I, uh, had to kiss this guy.
Chandler: 'Cause he was just so darn cute.
Joey: No, as part of the audition. See, I'm up for this part of this guy, who the main guy kisses.
Ross: Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it.  Or you just do it.
Joey: I did do it, I'm a professional.
Monica: Then what's the problem?
Joey: See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
Phoebe: Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing  Ooh.
OPENING CREDITS


[Date: May 27, 1996, Session #322]

Chandler: Hey, what did your agent say?
Joey: Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
Monica: What, forget it!
Rachel: Yeah, right.
Joey: Come on, I need your help here.
Phoebe: All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again.
Joey: You see this, this is a friend.
Phoebe: Uh-huh, let's go.  Oh, wait I have gum. Okay.  Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
Joey: Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?
Monica: Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
Joey: Yeah, that makes sense. 
Ross: Over my dead body! 
Chandler: And I'll be using his dead body as a shield.


[Date: May 28, 1996, Session #323]

Ross:  Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good!  Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
Phoebe:  Oh my God, you look so good!
Rachel: I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
Ross: So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
Rachel: Because I promised Mindy I would.
Monica: Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him. 
Rachel: Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Phoebe: Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Chandler: I may have.
Monica: Woo-hoo, stuud!
Ross: What's she look like?
Chandler: Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
Monica: Woo-hoo, geeek!
Chandler: I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Ross: Get out!
Rachel: Nooo!
Monica: Please!
Chandler: Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Rachel: Wow! What's that like?
Chandler: It's like this, me, no jokes.
Phoebe: All right, stop it, you're freaking me out.
Richard: Oh, yeah, I don't like you this way. All right, I'll see you guys later.
All: Bye, Richard.
Monica: Bye sweetie,  I love you.
Richard: I love you, too.
Phoebe: I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy, I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like.
Monica: What are you talking about? What wedding?
Phoebe: Come on, like you never talk that.
Monica: Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
Rachel: Afraid to ask him?
Monica: Could not be more terrified.
Chandler: Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.


[Date: May 30, 1996, Session #324]

Joey: Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much.  Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Chandler: Joey, no means no!
Rachel: Hey!
Chandler: I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Joey: Aww, Rach, I think you look cute  And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Ross: Get away from me I said no!
Monica:  Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs.
Joey: Oh, Richard's here. I should run down say bye to him 
All: Bye.
Phoebe: Bye, good luck.
Phoebe: So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
Chandler: Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim  museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Phoebe: What does she mean by HH?
Chandler:  It means we're holding hands.
Phoebe: Are you the cutest?
Chandler: I'm afraid I might just be.
Phoebe: You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
Chandler: Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her.
Phoebe: It could be like a big giant guy.
Joey:  Man, I got this close to him  and Monica kneed me in the back. What's going on?
Phoebe: We were just wondering if Chandler's girlfriend is a girl.
Joey: Oh, well. Just ask her how long she's gonna live. Women live longer than men.
Chandler: How do you not fall down more?
Phoebe: Okay, ask her 'What is her current method of birth control?'
Chandler: All right.  "My husband is sleeping with his secretary." She's married!
Phoebe: Well at least we know she's a woman.
Chandler: I can't believe she's married.
Joey: Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .


[Date: May 30, 1996, Session #325]

Ross: Hey, there.
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Are you all right?
Rachel: Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Ross: Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Rachel: God I know, you're right.
WEDDING PLANNER: All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
Rachel: Okay, I'll see you after the thing.
Ross: Okay, good luck 
Rachel: Thank you, Okay, Okay.


[Date: May 30, 1996, Session #326]

Rachel: Why the hell didn't you tell me!
Ross: I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
Rachel: Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Ross: Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
Rachel: Oh Ross, would you stop, you got me, I'm dating you.
Mr. Wineburg: Rachel!
Rachel: Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg.
Mr. Wineburg: It's so wonderful to see you again, my dear, in fact I hardly expected to see so much.
Mrs. Wineburg: You told me you didn't see anything.
Mr. Wineburg: I tell ya a lot things!
Mrs. Wineburg: Well it's wonderful to have you up and about, again, dear.
Mr. Wineburg: Stay well.
Rachel: Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Mindy:  Rach! Rach!
Rachel: Oh, hi!
Mindy: Oh my God, I'm married!
Rachel: I know.
Mindy: I'm Mrs. Dr. Barry Hunter hyphen Farber.
Rachel: Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
Barry:  Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
Rachel: Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Mindy: Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Rachel: Insane!
Mindy: ...from the syphilis.
Rachel: What?!
Barry: Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.


[Date: May 30, 1996, Session #327]

Monica: Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Richard: Okay, last chance.  Again, I'm sorry.
Monica: You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
BEST MAN:  Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you.  I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
All: What?!
BEST MAN: What,  you hired the same band I can't use the same speech.  Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Rachel: What.
BEST MAN: No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out! 
Ross:  Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Rachel: Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Ross: Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Rachel: Oh dear God.
Ross: Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis.   What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me  Cheers.
Rachel:  She you in the parking lot.
Ross:  No, Rach!
Barry: And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Rachel:  Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I
really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Ross: Marenge,
Rachel:  "...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Ross: Everybody!
Rachel: At the Copa, Copa Cabana  The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....


[Date: June 1, 1996, Session #328]

Chandler: Where is she, Where is she?  Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Rachel: Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Chandler:  Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Ross:  Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Phoebe: Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Chandler: Oh my God! 
Janice: OH.....MY.....GAWD!! 
All: OH.....MY.....GOD!!


[Date: June 2, 1996, Session #329]

Ross: All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Joey: Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.

[Date: September 20, 1996, Session #330]

Ross: I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.
Rachel: Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.
Phoebe: See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.
Rachel: What song was that, Pheebs?
Phoebe:  Hold me close, young Tony Dan-za.
Phoebe: Hi Monica!
Ross: Hey Mon!
Rachel: Hey Mon!
Phoebe: Oh my God, has she slept at all?
Ross: Nope.
Rachel: No, it's been three nights in a row.
Ross: Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Phoebe: Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.


[Date: September 20, 1996, Session #331]

Monica: God, look what I found in the drain.
Rachel: What?!
Monica: It's some of Richard's hair!  What do I do with this?
Ross: Getting it away from me would be job one.
Monica: It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh! 
Phoebe: Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. 
Monica: God, what is wrong with me.
Ross: You need to get some sleep.
Monica: I need to get some Richard.
Rachel: Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.
Monica: I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
Phoebe: Maybe, because you told him not to.
Monica: What are you the memory woman?
Joey:  Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
Rachel: Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.
Joey: Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
Rachel: Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Joey: There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Ross: Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
Joey: Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?


[Date: September 20, 1996, Session #332]

Rachel:  Honey, I was wondering....
Ross: Hmm?
Rachel: Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?
Ross: Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.
Rachel: Hmm.
Ross: I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
Rachel: You remember not having sex in high school, right?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Well honey, what about you?
Ross: What?
Rachel: I mean do you have any fun, you know, fantasy type things?
Ross: No.
Rachel: Come on you gotta have one!
Ross: Nope.
Rachel: Ross, you know what...
Ross: What?
Rachel: ...if you tell me, I might do it.
Ross: Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
Rachel: Oooh!
Ross: Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.


[Date: September 21, 1996, Session #333]

Phoebe: Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
Rachel: Really!
Phoebe: Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Rachel: Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, um-mm. Oh!
Rachel: Really! That-that great huh?
Phoebe: No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
Ross:  Hey!
Rachel: Hi you guys!
Ross: Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Rachel: Mon. Hi!
Monica: Hi.
Rachel: Why aren't you at work?
Monica: Oh, they-they sent me home.
Rachel: Why?
Monica: Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: You really, really need to get some sleep, honey.
Monica: I know I do.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Guess what?
Rachel: What?
Ross: They published my paper.
Rachel: Oh, really, let me see, let me see.
Phoebe: Rach, look!  Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me.  There he is.


[Date: September 21, 1996, Session #334]

Ross: How could you have told her?
Rachel: Ross, I didn't think it would that big of a deal.
Ross: Oh, she didn't think it would be that big of deal.
Rachel: Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Ross: Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
Rachel: Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Ross: That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
Rachel: Were both of those Joey?
Ross: Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
Rachel: Not even with your best friend.
Ross: Noo!
Rachel: That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Ross: Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
Rachel: Pretty much.
Ross: Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
Rachel: Uh, honey, yeah that was with Carol.
Ross: I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.


[Date: September 22, 1996, Session #335]

Monica:  So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Phoebe: Monica, do you want us to take you home?
Monica: Uh, huh.  Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away. 
Ross: Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
Chandler: Umm, yeah.
Ross: No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
Chandler: Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
Ross: Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Chandler: We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
Ross: Nooo!
Chandler: Yeah, okay.
Ross: Yeah?
Chandler: Yeah! All right! You go first.
Ross: Okay, okay, I'll go first.
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
Chandler: Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Ross: Yes!
Chandler: I know!
Ross: Yes! Wow, well, that-that was easy. Okay, you-you go.
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: Okay.
Chandler: Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
Ross: Hmph.
Chandler: And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Ross: With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Chandler: I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
Ross: Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
Chandler: You said...
Ross: I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .


[Date: September 22, 1996, Session #336]

Rachel: Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Ross: No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's 
Mrs. Geller: Well what is it? Come on sweetie, your like, freaking me out here.
Ross: I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life. 

[Date: September 26, 1996, Session #337]

Joey: All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider. 
Chandler: Taste it.
Joey:  Yep, it's fat. I drank fat!
Chandler: Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago.
Ross:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey, mister tux!
Ross: Why aren't you guys dressed?
Joey: We have a half hour.
Ross: No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Joey: Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Ross: Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.
Chandler and Joey: Okay. 
Rachel:  Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.
Ross: Really.
Rachel: Ooooh! Wow!! Oh, hi.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: How come you didn't come over earlier?
Ross: 'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.
Joey: Hey, Ross, want some cider?
Ross: No.  So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
Rachel: Yeah, I just have to get dressed.
Ross: Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.
Rachel: Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.
Joey: Glass of fat?


[Date: September 26, 1996, Session #338]

Joey: What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?
Ross: No! Do you wanna hear it?
Joey: Am I in it?
Ross: Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
Phoebe:  Hello.
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Whoa!
Ross: Wow, hello! You look great!
Phoebe: Thank you! I know, though.
Ross: You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
Phoebe: Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.
Chandler:  All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men.  Get up.
Joey: What?
Chandler: You're in my seat.
Joey: How is this your seat?
Chandler: 'Cause I was sitting there.
Joey: But then you left.
Chandler: Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
Joey: What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.
Chandler: The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Joey: Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
Ross: You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Chandler: All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal.  GET UP!!
Monica:  Hi.
All: Hey.
Monica: Ooh, Phoebe, you look great!
Phoebe: All right all ready.
Monica:  Ooh, are you gonna do magic?
Ross: That's, that's funny. Change!
Monica: Hang on a second I just got in.
Ross: Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
Phoebe: We could not, would not want to wait.
Ross: Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Monica: Has somebody been drinking my fat? 
Rachel:  You guys,  does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Phoebe: I don't know, you might be the first one.
Monica: Rach, did you check the machine?
Rachel: Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.
Chandler: Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called: Get Up.
Joey: All right! You can have the chair.
Chandler: Really!
Joey: Oh my, would you look at that! 
Phoebe:  "Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?"  Is that too spooky?
Ross:  "Hi Rach, are you there? It's me, pick up. Rachel. Rach!"
Rachel:  What?!
Ross: Nevermind.
Richard:  "Monica, it's Richard. Call me."
Monica: Is-is-is that message old or new?  Old or new?! Old or new?!
Ross: It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
Monica: What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Chandler: Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
Ross: Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Monica: Huh?
Ross: I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay.  There we go, there we go.
Chandler: You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here.  Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! 
Phoebe: Ah! Oh my God! You r-r-rotten boys!
Chandler and Joey: Sorry Phoebe.
Joey: I'm so sorry.
Phoebe: What am I gonna do?
Ross: No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't!  What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
Phoebe: Monica, Monica, you know what gets out hummus.
Monica: If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
Phoebe: Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'll try that.
Chandler: Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
Monica: So, should I call him back?
The Guys: Noo!  NO!
Chandler: All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair.  I'm soooo, comfortable.
Joey: Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too comfortable.
Chandler: All right! 
Ross: Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Chandler: All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair! 
Rachel:  Is this a little too...  Pheebs, what happened?
Phoebe: Hummus. I got the hummus.
Rachel: Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Phoebe: That won't go with this dress though.
Rachel: No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
Ross: No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.
Rachel: Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?
Monica: I called him.
All: Nooo.
Monica: Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
Phoebe: Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Monica: Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Joey: Monica, how are you gonna do that?
Monica: I know the code to his answering machine.
Ross: Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... Okay, you're dialing, you are dialing.
Richard:  "Hi, this is Richard. Please, leave a message at the tone."
Machine: "You have two new messages."
Joey: Wow, what a cool job.  'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Monica:  "Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
Joey: Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy.
Woman's Voice:  Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.
Joey: Now she sounded breezy.


[Date: September 26, 1996, Session #339]

Monica: He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.
Phoebe: Monica, you don't know that.
Monica: Well, who's voice was that?
Chandler: Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.
Monica: Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
Ross: Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
Monica: It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
Rachel: Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Ross: You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Rachel: Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Ross: Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Chandler: All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Joey: Okay. 
Chandler: What are you doing?
Joey: You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the cushions.
Chandler: The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Joey: That's right! I'm taking the essence.
Chandler: Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Ross: Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
Rachel: Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Ross: Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Rachel: Yeah, which, by the way Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
Phoebe: Oh Rach, good, listen isn't this perfect for me! 
Rachel: Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.
Phoebe: Well, of course not for tonight. Yeah, hi!
Ross: Not for tonight. Not for tonight! Wh-what, what, what, are you doing?
Rachel: No honey, we're sorry, we didn't mean it. I love you. I love you.
Chandler: We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Ross: What?
Chandler:  The sheep.
Ross: Hey, what you do on your own time...
Joey:  Where's my underwear?!
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, what. You took his underwear?
Chandler: He took my essence!
Ross: Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Joey: Because, I'm not wearing any underwear now.
Ross: Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Joey: It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Chandler: Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
Joey: Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.
Chandler: What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
Joey: Hey, opposite, is opposite! 
Chandler: He's got nothing!
Phoebe:  Okay, I'm ready.
Ross and Chandler: Oh, aaaah!
Phoebe: Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
Chandler: What are you supporting?
Phoebe: Duh!! Christmas!
Ross: Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch.  Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more.  What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Rachel:  Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Ross: Just, just, just pick one!
Phoebe: Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Rachel: Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Ross: Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Rachel: But I...
Ross: No, no, no just do it. Go in there and pick something out so we can go.
Rachel: All right.
Ross: Thank you!
Monica:  Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
Ross: It was, it was her voice.
Chandler: Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
Michelle: Hola! Hello. Hello?
Monica: Okay. That was her right?
Phoebe: Definitely.
Monica: See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Ross: Yay!
Phoebe: I'll get it, okay.  Hi, Monica and Rachel's.  Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling.  Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Monica:  Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake.  Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Chandler:  You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Monica:  Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!!  That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Ross: No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
Monica: Okay, fine. 
Chandler: They got a phone in there, right?
Phoebe: Okay, we're on it. We're on it.
Ross: Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.
Rachel: I'm not gonna gooo.
Ross: You're not going to go.
Rachel: No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
Ross: How, how, um how can you not be going?
Rachel: I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Ross: Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Rachel: Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
Ross: Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
Rachel: It's fine.
Ross: No, but, your-your mad.
Rachel: I'm not mad.
Ross: No.
Rachel: I'm just not going.
Ross: Your not going.
Rachel: Right.
Ross: Okay. You know that I-I have to go.
Rachel: Um, hum.
Ross: Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'
Rachel: No.
Ross: No, because your not upset.
Rachel: Right.
Ross: About the yelling.
Rachel: Right, and the humiliating.
Ross: Oh, well of course, the humiliating. So, so wee, we're okay.
Rachel: Um, hum.
Ross: We're good.
Rachel: Right.
Ross: Okay. Honey?
Rachel: Yes, Ross. 
Ross: I love you. 
Phoebe:  Get away from that! No!  She's just getting dressed.
Chandler: Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
Joey: Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Chandler: Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Joey: Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Chandler: Oooo-ooh!
Joey: Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges. 
Ross: Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Chandler: Jeez, what a baby.
Joey: Yeah, Ross, way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
Ross: You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Joey: You could drink the fat.
Ross: Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.
Rachel: No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
Ross: What?
Rachel: I think you should drink the fat.
Joey: Yaaaay!
Ross: Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
Phoebe: Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
Ross: I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers. 
Rachel: No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!
Ross: You will?!
Rachel: You were really gonna do that, weren't you?
Ross: Well, yeah.
Rachel: You were gonna drink the fat.
Joey: Let's see what else he'll do!
Ross:  How 'bout instead you, go get changed!  You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
Chandler: Stop it. Stop it!
Phoebe: Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
Richard:  Hi, this is Richard.
Machine: You have three new messages.
Monica: Not any more!
Machine: Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
Monica: Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Machine: Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Monica: Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
Monica:  "Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!
Phoebe: How did you do that?
Monica: I don't know!
Machine: Good-bye.
Monica: Noooo!!!!
Ross:  Okay, okay, okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Monica: Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.
Phoebe: Yeah, after this, I think he'll be doing that himself.
Ross: Rachel!!  Wow! You, uh, you look, wow!
Rachel: And I still have about five seconds to spare.  Okay, that was about seven seconds.
Ross: So we're a little late.
Rachel: Come on.  Oh! And, uh, by the way....
Ross: What?
Rachel: I'm going commando, too.
Ross: Awwww!!!


[Date: September 26, 1996, Session #340]

Sherman Whitfield: Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.
Ross: Wow! What a pleasure.
Whitfield:  Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.
Chandler: Excuse me. Hi.
Whitfield: Yes?
Chandler: Well, your kind of sitting in my seat.
Whitfield: What do you mean, your seat?
Chandler: I mean, I was sitting there.
Whitfield: But, you got up!
Chandler: But, I never left the room!
Whitfield: But, you left the chair area.
Chandler: All right, that's it, give me your underwear.

[Date: October 4, 1996, Session #341]

Monica: Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.
Ross: Where'd you get fruit at four in the morning?
Monica: Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.
Rachel: I didn't know there were docks.
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: Aww, is it broken?
Joey: No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. 
Rachel: Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?
Joey: Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
Chandler: Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Joey: What is this? Fruit?
Rachel: Monica's making jam.
Joey: Whoa, jam! I love jam!  Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Chandler: Because the kids need new shoes.
Monica: I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam.  Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot. 
Joey: This will just be my batch.


[Date: October 4, 1996, Session #342]

Rachel: Mon?
Ross: Mon?
Rachel:  'Gone for more jars. Back later. Monica Geller.'
Ross: Wait a minute, look.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Look, look, look.
Rachel: What, what, what?
Ross: It's an empty apartment.
Rachel: Oooh.
Ross: We're all alone in an empty apartment.
Rachel: Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes  Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything. 
Ross: There it is.
Rachel: Oh, oh, that's what you're talking about.  Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Chandler: Do I look fat?
Ross and Rachel: Noo.
Chandler: Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Rachel: Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Chandler: Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Rachel: Nooo!
Ross: And it works both ways.
Chandler: Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Rachel: Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
Ross: Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Chandler: That's easy, baggage claim.
Ross:  Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Chandler: Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Rachel: Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers.  Okay, I'm late for work.
Ross: Oh.
Rachel: All right are you guys gonna come down?
Ross: Uh, yeah, yeah I'll, I'm right behind you.
Rachel: Good luck Chandler.
Chandler: Thank you Rachel.
Ross: Bye sweetie.
Rachel: Bye hon.
Ross:  Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
Chandler: Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
Ross: Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here.  Okay, you're in bed...
Chandler: Yeah. 
Ross: I'm gonna use the cushion.
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her  and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
Chandler: Okay, the old hug and roll.
Ross: Yep.
Chandler: Okay, one question.
Ross: Shoot.
Chandler: You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?


[Date: October 4, 1996, Session #343]

Joey: Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Rachel:  You're so pretty.
Phoebe:  Hi!
All: Hey, Phoebe.
Phoebe: Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
Joey:  You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Phoebe: Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Chandler: Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Phoebe: Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Ross: Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Phoebe: No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Joey:  Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean 
Phoebe: Okay, I asked for the news, not the weather.
Monica:  Hey guys.
All: Hey Mon.
Monica: Joey, this is for you.  It's blackberry curin.
Joey: Aww.  Ohh!
Chandler: Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam. 
Joey: Put your hands together.
Monica: Joey, take your time with that. That's my last batch.
Joey: No more jam?!
Rachel: Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Monica: I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
Chandler: Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
Ross: What are you talking about?
Monica: I'm talking about me having a baby.
Ross: What?
Rachel: Are you serious?
Monica: Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Ross: Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Monica: It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Chandler: That, that's what's stupid.
Monica: I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
Rachel: Down at the docks again?


[Date: October 5, 1996, Session #344]

Chandler: No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
Monica:  Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
Chandler: You mean there's more than one of us.
Ross: Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
Monica: You're gonna what?
Ross: I'm gonna tell Mom.
Rachel: Honey, I'm sorry, but he's right. I love you, but you're crazy.
Ross: Crazy.
Monica: What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Ross:  Oh, it's not the ideal way...
Monica: Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Joey: Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Monica: Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy.  Oh my God, under personal comments: 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Joey: Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Monica: Joey, this is you!
Joey: Let me see.  Oh, right.
Rachel: When did you go to a sperm bank?
Joey: Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU.  Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Chandler: And that's how you bought it?
Joey: Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Monica: Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
Joey: Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Phoebe:  Hellooo!
All: Hey.
Ross: How's the maniac?
Phoebe: Oh, well he's yummy. We did a little kissin'.
Rachel: Phoebe, what are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Rachel: Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Phoebe: Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
Ross: You're taking the word of a guy who has night vision goggles?
Phoebe: What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
Chandler: Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
Phoebe: What are you saying I should do?
Monica: I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.
Phoebe: Thank you, Monica.
Joey: Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Monica: Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.


[Date: October 6, 1996, Session #345]

Joey: I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it  Maybe if they met me in person.
Rachel: Honey, you got a little thing on your...
Joey:  Did I get it?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross:  Hello.
Rachel: Hello.
Ross:  Hey.  Uh, Chan, can I uh, can I talk to you for a second?
Chandler: Sure. What's up?
Ross: Just one uh, one additional relationship thought. Probably something your already familiar with, uh, women talk! 

[Date: October 10, 1996, Session #346]

Host: Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!
Phoebe: Oh, oh! It's on again!
Joey: You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
All: Shhhh!
Host: Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
Joey:  Oh, you said it Mike.  Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Mike: And there is Kevin.
Joey: Can we please turn this off?
Rachel: Noo way, Kevin.
Mike: There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
Ross:  Are you intrigued?
Chandler: You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Mike: Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do.  Go ahead.  This works with any milk carton.
Joey:  Wow, it is easy.  Now, I can have milk everyday.


[Date: October 11, 1996, Session #347]

Carol and Susan:  Hey!!
Ross: There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi  What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
Carol: He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
Susan: He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
Ross: Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
Susan: So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
Carol: This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Ross: You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
Ross: Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck?  No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder? 
Rachel: Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll? 
Monica:  I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
Joey: I love that movie. 
Monica: There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
Joey: I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Chandler:  Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Joey: Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Chandler: Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight.  Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Rachel: What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
Chandler: Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Ross: And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
Chandler: Noo.
Ross: You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Chandler: No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Rachel: Men are unbelievable.
Monica: What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
Chandler: I know, that,  that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Monica: Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Joey: Hey, you know about that?!
Chandler: Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Ross:  Where there is no fear of commitment.
Chandler: Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Joey: Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Rachel: Amazingly, that makes sense.
Chandler: You think?
Joey: Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Chandler: Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.


[Date: October 12, 1996, Session #348]

Ross: Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben.  'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.
Rachel: G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?
Joey:  G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
Ross: Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
Joey and Ross: Go Joe!!!
Phoebe:  Helloo! Oh! 
Joey: Pheebs! There you are!
Phoebe: No it's not, sorry.
Joey: But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! 
Phoebe: Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
Joey: Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
Phoebe: Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Joey: It's okay, these things happen.
Phoebe: But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
Joey: I'm, I'm okay. See. 
Phoebe: Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
Joey: No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
Phoebe: Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
Joey: They actually said that?
Phoebe: Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Joey: No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this.  I canna work on a new accent.
Phoebe: Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
Ross:  You'll never get me, Joe!!! 


[Date: October 14, 1996, Session #349]

Carol: G. I. Joe. G. I. Joe?!
Ross: Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
Susan: What'd you do, dip it in sugar?
Ross: Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
Monica: What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
Ross: What?
Monica: Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
Ross: What are you talking about?
Monica: The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.
Ross: Okay, you are totally making this up.
Monica: How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.
Ross:  Oh God.
Susan: I've literally never been this happy.
Monica: Wasn't there a little song?
Carol: Oh please God, let there be a song.
Ross: There was no song.  There was no song!
Monica:  'I am Bea.'
Ross: Okay.
Monica: 'I drink tea.'
Ross: Okay, that's, that's enough. 
Monica: '....Won't you, won't you, won't you.... '
Ross:  Won't you dance around with me.
Monica: A-ha!!! 


[Date: October 15, 1996, Session #350]

Young Ross:  'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....'  Ohhh! 
Young Monica:  Ross!!! 

[Date: October 18, 1996, Session #351]

Chandler: Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
Monica: No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Chandler: All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Joey: Her what?
Chandler: Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can’t get mad.
Ross: Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
Monica: So, Chandler, who’s on your list?
Chandler: Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
Rachel: Now, you do realize that she’s a cartoon, and way out of your league?
Chandler: I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Joey: Hey, Monica, who would yours be?
Monica: First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
Joey: It’s just a game Mon.  Rach, how about you?
Rachel: Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
Ross: Spiderman?
Rachel: Hardy Boy.
Chandler: Peter Parker.
Ross: Thank you.
Rachel: What about you honey, who would be on your list?
Ross: Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I’ll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Chandler:  What a geek!
Phoebe:  Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.
All: Oh, hi.
Phoebe: This is everybody. This is Ross.
Frank: How are you?
Ross: Hey.
Phoebe: Chandler.
Chandler: Hi.
Frank: Hi.
Phoebe: Joey.
Joey: Hey-hey!
Frank: Hey.
Phoebe: This is Monica.
Frank: Whoa!
Phoebe: And this is Rachel.
Rachel: Hi!
Frank: Whoa!!
Phoebe: I’m gonna get coffee.
Frank: Hey, how do you guys get anything done?
Chandler: We don’t, really.
Rachel: Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Phoebe: Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we’re gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
Frank: Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Chandler: You know, we don’t really take advantage of living in the city.
Joey: I know.


[Date: October 18, 1996, Session #352]

Ross: Okay, I’ve got three of my five.
Rachel: Three of your five, what?
Ross: Celebrities I’m allowed to sleep with.
Rachel: Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.
Ross: Yeah, it’s hard okay, I only have two spots left.
Chandler: All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
Ross: Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....
Chandler: Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
Ross: Susan Sarandon.
Chandler: Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Ross: And!! Isabella Rosselini.
Chandler: Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she’s too international, y'know she’s never gonna be around.
Rachel: So?
Chandler: So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.
Rachel: Yeah, ‘cause that’s why you won’t get Isabella Rosselini, geography.


[Date: October 19, 1996, Session #353]

Monica: It’s beautiful! It’s like the first bathroom floor there ever was.  Whoa! Are you going in there for?
Chandler: What, like a number?
Ross:  Hey!
Chandler: Hi! Bye! 
Ross: Okay, I’m done with my choices, these are final. 
Rachel: Well, it’s about time.
Joey: Ooh, very official.
Ross: Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
Monica: And who laminated it?
Ross: That would be me.
Rachel: All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
Ross: Hey, it’s my list.
Rachel: Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.


[Date: October 19, 1996, Session #354]

Chandler: Okay, on three. One....Two....
Joey: Why don’t we just go on two.
Chandler: Why two?
Joey: Because it’s faster.
Chandler: Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this ‘two’ talk.
Rachel: Oh!
Joey: All right, but in the future...
Ross: Okay!! Okay!!
Rachel: Come on!
Ross: Heavy thing, not getting lighter!
Chandler: Okay, one...two...
Joey: So we are going on two?
All: All right!! 
Chandler: Oh, good job Joe.
Joey: Wow, it’s big!
Chandler: Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
Joey: Maybe, my ruler’s wrong.
Phoebe: Maybe all the rulers are wrong.
Joey: Look it’s not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
Chandler: Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how ‘bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? 
Joey: Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.


[Date: October 19, 1996, Session #355]

Rachel: Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right?  Okay, great.  You freak.
Ross:  Thank you.
Isabella:  Um, coffee to go, please.
Ross: Isabella Rosselini. 
Monica: Are you serious?  Oh my God.
Ross: Damn! I can’t believe I took her off my list.
Monica: Why? ‘Cause otherwise you’d go for it?
Ross: Yeah, maybe.
Rachel: Oh-oh, you lie.
Ross: What you don’t think I’d go up to her?
Rachel: Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.
Ross: Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.
Rachel: You know what honey, you go ahead, we’ll call her an alternate.
Ross: Okay, hold my crawler.
Rachel: Okay.
Monica: Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Rachel: Honey, he’s about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I’m just sorry we don’t got popcorn.
Ross:  Hi! Hi, I’m Ross, you don’t know me, but I’m a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee?  Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Isabella: Aren’t you with that girl over there? 
Ross: Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that’s okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people,  so I’m allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it’s flattery.
Isabella: I’m sorry. 
Ross: Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don’t, don’t just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Isabella: Yeah, for you. Is that the list?
Ross: Um, yeah.
Isabella: May I see it?
Ross: Um, no.
Isabella: Come on! 
Ross: But, okay.
Isabella:  I’m not on the list!
Ross: Um, see, but that’s not the final draft.
Isabella: It’s laminated!
Ross: Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler  brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Isabella: Y'know it’s ironic...
Ross: What?
Isabella: ...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there. 
Ross:  We’re just gonna be friends.


[Date: October 31, 1996, Session #356]

Janice: Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?
Phoebe: Wow, it’s like a dirty math problem.
Ross: I’m sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
Janice: Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
Joey: Well, that’s really a different question.
Janice: I’m sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
Joey: Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
Monica and Rachel: What?!!
Rachel: Excuse me, there was no time!
Joey: Okay, but let’s say there was. How might that go?
Janice: Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
Rachel: Does anybody need more coffee?
Ross: Yeah, I’ll take some.
Joey: Hey, there’s a dog out there!


[Date: September 22, 1993, Session #357]

Phoebe: Oh, that is so unfortunate.
Ross: What?
Phoebe: Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
Monica:  Okay, I’ll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I’m sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
Phoebe: You didn’t leave lipstick marks on the phone.
Monica: Oh, then it must’ve been you. Bye. 
Phoebe:  Bye-bye!  That’s why I moved out.
Ross: Hey, y'know while we’re on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don’t live here anymore.
Phoebe: I think on some levels she already knows.
Ross: Phoebe, she doesn’t know that you sneak out every night, she doesn’t know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn’t know that you’ve been living with your Grandmother’s for a week now.
Phoebe: Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
Chandler:  Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Chandler: I’m never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Phoebe: Why, nobody good?
Chandler: Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Ross: So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Chandler: Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone ‘Chandler Bing,’ he said ‘Whoa-whoa, short message.’
Monica:  Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
Ross:  Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
Monica: What?
Ross: I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...
Chandler: Umm, how’s it going with you guys?
Ross: Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Phoebe: Oh, really?
Ross: Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn’t really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it’s gonna make a difference


[Date: September 24, 1993, Session #358]

Ross: No real-, honey, really it’s fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
Phoebe: So what are they doing?
Ross: I don’t know, something girlie.
Phoebe:  Hey, you’re early.
Monica: What are you doing with the lamp?
Phoebe: I’m just taking it to be re-wired.
Monica: Oh, well don’t take it to the same place you took the stereo, ‘cause they’ve had that thing for over a week.
Phoebe: No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
Mr. Heckles: You’re disturbing my oboe practice.
Phoebe: You don’t play the oboe!
Mr. Heckles: I could play the oboe!
Phoebe: Then I’m gonna have to ask you to keep it down. 
Mr. Heckles:  Who are you?
Eric: Hi, I’m Eric, I’m gonna be Chandler’s new roommate.
Mr. Heckles: I’m Chandler’s new roommate.
Eric: I-I-I don’t think so.
Mr. Heckles: I could be Chandler’s new roommate.
Eric: But, he told me over the phone.
Mr. Heckles: He told me in person.
Eric: That’s weird.
Mr. Heckles: Well, I’m going to go into my new apartment now.  Ehh! 


[Date: September 25, 1993, Session #359]

Ross:  Hi. Where is everybody?
Phoebe: Oh, it’s already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
Ross: My marriage, I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.
Phoebe: Oh no! Why?
Ross: ‘Cause Carol’s a lesbian.  And, and I’m not one. And apparently it’s not a mix and match situation.
Phoebe: Oh my God! I don’t believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.
Ross:  I’m an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I’d be out and she’d, she’d see some beautiful woman, and, and she’d be Ross y'know look at her, and I’d think, God, my wife is cool!
Phoebe: Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?
Ross: Well, now I do!!
Phoebe: I’m sorry.
Ross: Seven years. I mean we’ve been together seven years, she’s the only woman who’s ever loved me, and the only woman I’ve-I’ve ever....
Phoebe: Aw, God Ross. Oh.


[Date: September 25, 1993, Session #360]

Ross: Maybe this would’ve happened if I’d been more nurturing, or I’d paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can’t believe this!
Phoebe: I know no, no, y'know you don’t deserve this, you don’t Ross. You’re, you’re really, you’re so good. 
Ross: Thanks.
Phoebe: And you’re so sweet.  And you’re kind 
Ross: Thanks. 
Ross: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: Okay, it’s okay.
Phoebe: Oh. 
Ross: Wait, wait, wait.
Phoebe: What?
Ross: My foot is stuck in the pocket.
Phoebe: What?
Ross: No, I can’t get it out.
Phoebe: Well, that’s not something a girl wants to hear.
Ross: No, come on don’t start.  Ouch!
Phoebe: What?
Ross: Stupid balls are in the way. 
Ross: Oh well. It probably would’ve been the most constructive solution.
Phoebe: You have chalk on your face.
Ross: Huh? 
Phoebe: Oh, Ross you’re right, I don’t know why I always thought this was real grass.
Monica: Hey, are you okay?
Ross: My wife’s a lesbian.
Joey: Cool!!
Chandler: Ross-Joey, Joey-Ross. 
Ross: Hi.


[Date: November 7, 1996, Session #361]

Ross: So I told Carl, ‘Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.’ But of course this went in one ear and out.....
Rachel: I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he’s Alan Alda.
Monica: Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
Chandler: If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
Gunther: What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.
Phoebe: Who’s singing?


[Date: November 7, 1996, Session #362]

Ross: Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
Monica: I was always Joanne.
Joey: Question. Was ah, ‘Egg the Gellers!’ the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Phoebe: Ewww! Oh! It’s the Mattress King!
Joey: Booo!!
Chandler:  Don’t look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Janice: Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
Matress King:  ‘Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I’m so depressed I’m going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I’m going medieval on prices!
Chandler: What a wank!
Janice: Oh, I cannot believe he’s using our divorce to sell mattresses.
Monica: I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves.  And I’m appalled for you by the way.
Matress King:  I’m close. I’m cheap. I’m the king.


[Date: November 7, 1996, Session #363]

Rachel: ‘Okay.  Okay, daddy we’ll see you tomorrow night.  Okay bye-bye.’ 
Ross: We?
Rachel: Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that’s okay.
Ross: Oh shoot, tomorrow’s not so good, I’m supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
Rachel: Ross, my father doesn’t hate you.
Ross: Please, he refers to me as ‘wethead’.
Rachel: But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do.  All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I’ll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Chandler:  I’ll go.
Ross: Fine.
Rachel: Thank you.
Ross: Hi Gunther.
Gunther: Yeah, we’ll see!
Joey:  Hey, you guys!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Guess what?
Ross: What?
Joey: I got a gig!
All: Yay!!
Chandler: See, that’s why I could never be an actor. Because I can’t say gig.
Phoebe: Yeah, I can’t say croissant.  Oh my God!
Monica: What’s the part?
Joey: Well, it’s not a part, no. I’m teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Ross: Come on! That’s great.
All: Wow!
Joey: Yeah, yeah. It’s like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
Ross: Y’know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Joey:  I know!


[Date: November 8, 1996, Session #364]

Rachel: Hi Daddy!
Dr. Green: This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.
Rachel: You remember Ross.
Dr. Green: Um-hmm.
Ross: Nice to see you again Dr. Green.
Dr. Green: So!   How’s the library?
Ross: Ugh, museum.
Dr. Green: What happened to the library?
Ross: There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
Dr. Green: You know what’s really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
Ross: Yeah, if you’re really hungry.  It was a joke, I made a joke.
Rachel: Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.
Dr. Green: What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
Ross: It’s not a library...
Dr. Green:  I know!! It’s a museum! What, you’re the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu. 


[Date: November 8, 1996, Session #365]

Ross: So, Dr. Green, how’s the old boat.
Dr. Green: They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
Ross: It gives it a nice antiquey look.
Dr. Green:  Rust, is boat cancer, Ross.
Ross: Wow. I’m sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that. 
Dr. Green: Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Okay! 
Rachel: Aw honey stop! It’s not that bad.
Ross: Yeah.  Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must’ve added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Rachel: Yeah. That’s Daddy.
Ross: That’s Daddy?! But doesn’t it bother you? You’re a waitress.
Rachel: Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I’d be serving him sneezers.
Ross: So?
Rachel: So. Ross, I’ve bugged him about this a million times, he’s not gonna change.
Ross: You really serve people sneezers?
Rachel: Well um, I don’t.
Dr Green: You kids ready?
Ross: Thanks again, Dr. Green.
Dr. Green: All right.
Dr. Green: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, I think I forgot my receipt.
Ross: Oh, ah, you don’t need that.
Dr. Green: Why not?
Ross: The carbon, it’s messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
Dr. Green:  What is this? Who put a twenty down here? Huh?
Ross: Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it’s a sickness really.
Rachel: Yeah it is, it is.  We really, really have to do something about that.
Ross: I know.
Dr. Green: Excuse me, you think I’m cheap?
Rachel: Oh Daddy, no he didn’t mean anything by that, he really didn’t.
Ross: Nothing I do means anything, really.
Dr. Green: This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I’ll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right. 
Ross: Well Mr. Big Shot is better than ‘wethead’.


[Date: November 8, 1996, Session #366]

Rachel: You had to do it, didn’t you? You couldn’t just leave it alone.
Ross: Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there’s a bug in my food.
Rachel: Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along.  Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Ross: Yeah, I’m gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
Ross: Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Phoebe: I’m, I’m freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn’t have! All right, I haven’t lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Rachel: Um. yeah.
Phoebe: I am soo dead. 
Rachel: All right, look, here’s the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I’ll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Ross: Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn’t work.
Rachel: Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that’s why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Ross: Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn’t make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say ‘Like me! Like me tiny doctor!’
Rachel: Okay, well can’t you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Ross: Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we’re never gonna get along.
Rachel: Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don’t wanna have to have a separate room for you too!! 
Ross: Okay, okay, okay.  I’ll get the bagels.


[Date: November 9, 1996, Session #367]

Rachel:  Hi Daddy.
Dr. Green: Baby. Ross.
Ross: Dr. Green. How are you? 
Dr. Green: Thanks for dinner last night.
Ross: Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson.
Dr. Green: Nice hair. What’d ya do? Swim here?
Ross:  Okay, that’s it, I can’t take it anymore.
Rachel: What? What? He’s interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Ross: Oh, please. Sweetie it’s hopeless, okay, I’m just gonna go. 
Rachel: What?!
Ross: Look, look I’m sorry. It’s just that....
Dr. Green: Ross? What’s with the neck?
Rachel: He’s got this thing. And I keep telling him to go to my chiropractor...
Dr. Green: You’re still going to that chiropractor, that man couldn’t get into medical school in Extapa!
Ross: Thank you! That’s what I keep saying.
Rachel: Excuse me, Dr. Bobby happens to be an excellent doctor.
Ross: Uh.
Dr. Green: Wait a minute, his name is Dr. Bobby?
Rachel: Well that’s his last name.
Ross: And his first name.
Dr. Green: He’s Bobby Bobby?
Rachel: It’s Robert Bobby.
Dr. Green: Oh.
Rachel: And um, excuse me, he helps me.
Ross: Oh-ho please. Ask her how?
Dr. Green: What do you need help for?
Rachel: With my alignment. I’ve got one leg shorter than the other.
Dr. Green: Oh God!
Ross: Argue with that.
Rachel: What? It’s true, my right leg is two inches shorter.
Dr. Green: Come on! You’re just titling!  Her legs are fine!
Ross: I know that!
Dr. Green: So, why do you let her go to a chiropractor for?
Rachel: I’m sorry, let her?
Ross: What can I do, she doesn’t listen to me about renter’s insurance either.
Dr. Green: Wait a minute, you don’t have renter’s insurance?!
Rachel: No.
Dr. Green: Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Ross: Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
Dr. Green: I’d love some juice. Thanks.
Ross: Okay.  Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Rachel: Yeah honey, I’m standing right there! Why didn’t you just tell him about the mole I haven’t got checked yet.
Ross: Excellent!


[Date: November 10, 1996, Session #368]

Rachel: Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
Chandler: I will have one. 
Chandler: Okay, I’m not gonna have one.
Ross: Neither will I. 
Phoebe: No, no, it’s just my tooth.
Chandler: All right I’ll have one. 
Ross: So what’s a matter, you need a dentist? I’ve got a good one.
Phoebe: No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can’t see him.
Chandler: See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
Ross: Why? Why can’t you go to him?
Phoebe: Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
Chandler: That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.
Rachel: Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend ‘Albino Bob’.
Rachel: And all these people actually died?
Phoebe: Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Ross: Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It’s, it’s, it’s just ah, a coincidence.
Phoebe: Well tell that to them. Oh! You can’t, their dead.


[Date: November 12, 1996, Session #369]

Ross: Thanks, Gunther.   Hey!  Umm, can I get a napkin too?
Gunther: Oh, like you don’t already have everything.
Phoebe:  Ow! Ow! 
Rachel: Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
Phoebe: All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next victim, don’t come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Rachel: I promise.
Phoebe: Although, don’t feel like you can’t visit.
Joey:  Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?
Ross:  No, no he’s not.
Monica: You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
Ross: What?  So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
Joey: Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
Rachel: Joey, you can’t keep this to yourself, if you know about this, you have to tell him.
Joey: It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll, it’ll just kill him.
Phoebe: Well, you could wait ‘til I go to the dentist, maybe I’ll kill him.


[Date: November 12, 1996, Session #370]

Joey:  Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Phoebe: Well, I’m going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um...... 
Ross: Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Joey: What did they do?
Ross: Well, they painted over the word ‘Sapien’ for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let’s just leave it at that.
Monica: So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?
Ross: Yes, that’s what I was going to ask, thank you.
Rachel: Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?
Ross: You? You! Want to watch Ben?  Yes! That’d be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is. 
Joey: Hey-hey, Ross?
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: I’ve got a science question.
Ross: Hmm?
Joey: If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’, is that why there extinct?
Ross: Joey, Homo Sapiens are people.
Joey: Hey-hey, I’m not judging.


[Date: November 12, 1996, Session #371]

Monica: Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our little bonking incident.
Rachel: Monica, number one, I don’t think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I...   What?!
Joey: You said number two.
Rachel: I also said number one.
Joey: I know. 
Ross:  Hey! Everyone.
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: How’s my little boy?
Rachel: He’s perfect, he’s never been better.
Ross:  What’d you do, take him whaling?
Ben: Monica.
Ross: Oh my God, he just said your name, that’s great! Good job Ben.
Ben: Monica bang!
Monica: Oh that’s right, that’s what I’d sound like if I exploded.
Phoebe: Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.
Joey: Uh.
Phoebe: What?
Joey: Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. 
Phoebe: Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
Rachel: Well maybe he’s just taking a nap.
Joey: I’m tellin’ ya, he hasn’t moved since this morning.
Monica: All right, we should call somebody.
Ross: And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn’t moving.
Rachel: Well, we have gotta find out if he’s alive.
Monica: How are we gonna do that? There’s no way.
Joey: Well, there is one way. His window’s open, I say, we poke him.


[Date: November 12, 1996, Session #372]

Ross: Well, he’s finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
Rachel: Are you, are you, are you sure it’s ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I’ve always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Ross: It’s okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
Rachel:  I did!
Ross: I know! I’m saying you have to watch them all the time.
Rachel: I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica bang his head against that thing!
Ross: Monica did it?
Ross: Monica?
Monica: Yeah.
Ross: Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?
Monica: No. Why?
Ross: Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he’s leaving out ‘e’ and ‘f.’ It’s like they just ah, I don’t know, fell out of his head.
Monica: Really?!
Ross: Oh, and also, he’s, he’s walkin’ kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he’s in there just sort of y'know... 
Monica: Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!! 
Rachel: I hope it’s still funny when you’re in hell.
Monica:  You jerk! You know how much I love that kid! 
Ross: Monica bang! Monica bang!  Ow!
Rachel: I’ll get the hat.


[Date: November 12, 1996, Session #373]

Joey: All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Ross: Can we please focus here, a naked man’s life hangs in the balance!
Phoebe: I’m telling you he’s dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
Joey: All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we’re approaching the window  Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Phoebe: He’s alive! He’s a-live!!!
Monica: And yet, we’re still poking him.
Joey: Okay, retract the device, retract the device.
Ross: He does not look happy.
Rachel: Hey-hey, now he’s showing us his poking device.
Joey: Hey, that’s never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!


[Date: November 28, 1996, Session #374]

Phoebe: Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
Ross: Halftime.
Joey: Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
Rachel: Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
Phoebe: Oh, can I play too? I’ve never played football, like ever.
Joey: Great, you can cover Chandler.
Chandler: No, no, no, I don’t, I don’t really wanna play.
Joey: Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Chandler: That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don’t say that I don’t have goals!
Joey: Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice, and if you don’t play, everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.
Chandler: Yeah, all right, I’ll play.
Phoebe: Yay!!
Rachel: Let’s do it! Ross?
Ross: What?
Rachel: Do you wanna play football?
Ross: Um, Monica and I aren’t supposed to play football.
Joey: Says who? Your mom?
Monica and Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the ‘Geller Bowl.’
Chandler: No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Monica: Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross’s nose.
Ross: It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
Monica: To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn’t count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
Monica:  I won the game.
Ross: Oh yeah! Then how come you didn’t get the Geller Cup?
Rachel: Um, there was a Geller Cup?
Ross: Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and....  threw it in the lake.
Chandler: And was the curse lifted?
Ross: Anyway. That’s when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Monica: Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it’s been twelve years.
Ross: Can I see you for a second?
Monica:  Once!!
Ross: All right, we’re gonna play.
Chandler: But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won’t let me cross the street.


[Date: November 28, 1996, Session #375]

Monica: Okay. Let’s bring it in.
Rachel: Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
Ross: Here you go. 
Rachel:  That almost hit me in the face.
Joey: All right, we have to pick captains.
Chandler: And then Tineals.
Phoebe: Okay, so how do we decide that?
Monica: Well, why don’t we just bunny up.
Rachel, Chandler, and Joey: What?
Monica and Ross:  Bunny!
Monica: Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
Joey: Thank you.
Rachel: Monica, I’m your best friend.
Ross: Sweetie, don’t worry you’ll get picked. Chandler.
Rachel: Ross!
Monica: Phoebe.
Ross: Sweetie, now I pick you.
Rachel: You don’t pick me! You’re stuck with me!
Ross: Okay. All right. So let’s see, let’s play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we’ll kick off.
Monica: All right people listen, I’ve got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Chandler: Wow! Just like in the pros.
Monica: Huddle up.
Joey:  All right, huddle up, right over here.
Phoebe: Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
Monica: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Monica: Okay, Phoebe you know what you’re doing right?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Monica: Okay, Joey’s gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Phoebe: What’s block?
Monica: Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you’re doing?
Phoebe: I thought you meant in life.
Monica: Break.
Chandler: The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. 
Ross: Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!
Chandler: Sorry. I’m sorry. Y'know what, we’re just gonna throw it.
Joey: I got it. 
Phoebe: Go! Go! Go!
Monica: Score!! 7 to nothing!
Rachel:  Are you okay?
Ross: Come on, let’s go!
Monica: Losers walk!
Ross: Yeah, losers talk!
Chandler: No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
Chandler:  Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!!  You wanna go shotgun?
Ross: Yeah!
Chandler:  Hike!
Monica and Joey: One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
Rachel: Over here!
Rachel:  I almost caught that one!
Chandler: Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Ross: Okay,  this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!
Rachel: Wait, what am I gonna do?
Ross: You, you go long.
Rachel: Wait, how long?
Ross: Until we start to look very small.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Break!!
Joey: Set....hike!
Ross: One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi, switch! Switch! Switch!!
Chandler: No, no, no, no, no!
Joey: Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.
Woman:  You are playing American football?
Joey: Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.
Woman: I’m Dutch.
Joey: Hi-hi, I’m Joey.
Woman: I’m Margha.
Joey: I’m sorry Dutch, I didn’t get that last little bit.
Chandler:  Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna..  Hi, I’m Chandler.
Margha: Hello, Chandler.
Joey: Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Margha: Margha.
Joey: Mar-klan.
Margha: Mar-gha.
Chandler: Mar-haaaan.
Monica: Come on guys! Let’s go! Come on, it’s second down.
Ross: Uh, hello, it’s third down.
Monica: No it’s not, it’s second.
Ross: Wow!
Monica: Wow, what?
Ross: It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.
Monica: Pulling what? It’s second down.
Ross: Okay, it’s second down.  Take all the second downs you need.
Monica: I heard that!
Ross: Well, I said it loud.
Margha: It is okay, if I stay and watch?
Chandler and Joey: Yeah! Why don’t you stick around. You can sit right there.
Chandler: Well, that went well.
Joey: I think so.
Chandler: Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
Joey: Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Chandler: Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Joey: Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I’ll let you have her.
Chandler: Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn’t I wouldn’t have a shot?
Joey: Well I don’t like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don’t feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You’re better with numbers and stuff.
Chandler: Math!! You’re giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we’ll see who gets her.
Ross: Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Rachel: Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it’s like all I’m doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Ross: Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
Rachel: Can I see that for second.
Ross: Yeah.
Ross: Okay. Hut! Hike!
Joey: Fumble!
Joey: What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
Chandler: Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Joey: All right, that’s it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Chandler: Hey! Well, I’ve been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that’s mean!
Monica: All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike! 
Phoebe: Oh I got it!!  Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!
Joey: Pheebs, run!
Monica: Run, Phoebe, run!
Phoebe: Touchdown!! Touchdown!!
Ross: Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn’t count.
Monica: After the snap!
Ross: Before the snap!
Joey: After!!
Chandler: Before!!
Rachel: Now, does it really matter?
All: Yes!!
Phoebe: Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
Ross: Oh Pheebs, that’s great. It doesn’t count.
Monica: Does so count!
Ross: Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Monica: Y'know what, that’s fine, maybe you haven’t grown up, but I have.
Ross: Oh-ho, okay.
Monica: Dead leg!! 
Ross: Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Phoebe: Woo-yay!!
Monica: No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can’t blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let’s just call this, tie score and it’s halftime.
Ross: Okay, first of all, I don’t play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
Monica: Y'know what? I’ll think you’ll play.
Ross: Oh really! Why is that?
Monica: Because the winner gets this!
Ross: The Geller Cup.
Chandler: Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
All: Yeah.
Chandler: Okay, good.


[Date: November 28, 1996, Session #376]

Ross: Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
Monica: When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
Ross: That cup is mine!
Monica: No it’s not! You want it, you’re gonna have to win it!
Rachel: All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
Monica: Come on Phoebe, let’s go! Come on, it’s time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
Joey: It’s hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
Monica: All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
Joey: What are you gonna do?
Monica: All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I’ll take care of the rest.
Joey: Okay.
Monica: Break!
Joey: Here you go!
Ross: Chandler! Chandler!
Chandler:  Hi.
Monica: Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that everyday, do ya?
Ross: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What’s with the tackling?
Monica: What?! I just touched him and he went over.
Ross: Okay, you wanna play rough, we can play rough.
Phoebe: I love this game!!
Ross: Hey, where’d you get that?
Rachel: I went really long.
Monica: Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
Ross: It’s no surprise that your winning, ‘cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
Monica: You’re so pathetic! Why can’t you just accept it, we’re winning because I’m better than you.
Monica: Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I’ll prove it to you, okay. I’ll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I’ll still win the game.
Ross: What?! The guys against the girls? See, that’s ridiculous Monica, because I’m only down by three touchdowns.
Monica: Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Ross: Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you’re with me.
Rachel: I can not believe your trading me!!
Monica: Come on Rach, come on. Let’s see what’s it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Rachel: Are you gonna let me play?
Monica: All right then.
Margha:  The game is over, we eat now?
Chandler: No-no-no-no, the game’s not over, we’re just switching teams.
Joey: Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.
Ross: Right. Okay, let’s play. Let’s go.
Chandler: No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Joey: Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
Chandler: And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Joey: Nice try.  See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Margha: Oh, my.
Ross: Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let’s play some ball, guys.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I’m not playing with this guy, now.
Chandler: Fine with me.
Ross: Okay, y'know what, let’s just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
Chandler and Joey: What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
Margha: Which do I like?
Ross: Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
Margha: Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
Chandler: Yes!!
Joey: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.
Chandler: Well, you don’t you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
Margha: I’m sorry, Joey, that is my chose.
Chandler: You hear that! That is her chose, mister I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!! 
Margha: I’m now thinking I would like to change my answer to, no one.
Chandler: Wh-what?
Margha: I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.
Joey: Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Chandler: Y'know what, it doesn’t matter, ‘cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Ross: Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Chandler: We’re not gonna lose to girls.
Ross: Hey! It’s 42-21!
Joey: This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Monica: Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Monica: We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you’re making out...
Phoebe: Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
Monica: Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let’s kill ‘um!
Rachel: Yeah!!! Kill ‘um!!!
Phoebe: All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Monica: All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we’re down by two points. Two points....  Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
Rachel: No! Come on! Don’t make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
Monica: Honey, there’s a reason.
Rachel: God, I’m not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Phoebe: Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Monica: All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I’ll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
Rachel: Thank you! Break!
Monica: Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!
The Guys: One-Mississippi! Two-Mississippi! Three-Mississippi!
Rachel: I’m so sorry! Are you okay?
Monica: No! I’m not okay!
Rachel: I’m sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn’t know what to do.
Joey:  Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Chandler: Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
Monica: Come on! Come on! Hurry! We’re running out of time! Huddle up!
Phoebe: Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
Monica: All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.
Rachel:  Okay.
Monica: Break!
Rachel:  I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Chandler: Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you’re five feet short, so we win!
Phoebe: Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn’t the play still going.
Ross: Let go! Let go!
Monica: Let go! I’m a tiny little woman!!
Chandler: Guys! Guys! Come on! It’s Thanksgiving, it’s not important who wins or loses. The important thing is,  the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Monica: Ow!!


[Date: November 28, 1996, Session #377]

Monica: Let go!
Ross: No! You let go!
Monica: No!
Ross: How come it’s always us left in the field holding the ball?
Monica: I don’t know. I guess the other people just don’t care enough.
Ross: Hey! It’s starting to snow.
Ross: Gimme the this!
Monica: Let go!

[Date: December 12, 1996, Session #378]

Sarah: So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you. 
Ross: Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
Chandler: Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
Ross: Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
Chandler: I was shrieking... like a Marine.
Ross: All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power.  Precision.  and penache. 


[Date: December 12, 1996, Session #379]

Monica: You broke a little girl’s leg?!!
Ross: I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
Chandler:  Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night.  Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Ross: Well, I’m gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she’ll like?
Monica: Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...
Rachel: I’m gonna get back to retraining. 
Ross: All right, see you guys. 
Chandler: Look out kids, he’s coming! 
Joey: And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
Phoebe: Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.
Joey: What? Me having a job?
Phoebe: No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights.  Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Joey: Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Phoebe: Really?
Chandler: Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it’s the only chance to see New York.
Gunther: ...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
Rachel: Gunther, Gunther, please, I’ve worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there. 
Gunther: What if you put them here. 
Rachel: Huh. Well, y'know that’s actually a really good idea, because that way they’ll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
Gunther: They already do. That’s why they call it the ‘tray spot.’
Rachel: Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I’m, I’m sorry. 
Gunther: It’s all right. Sweetheart.


[Date: December 12, 1996, Session #380]

Ross: So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don’t have to sell those cookies anymore.
Sarah: Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Ross: Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
Sarah: Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he’d be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Ross: I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Sarah: No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Ross: Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Sarah: The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
Ross: Yeah.
Sarah: So far, I’ve sold seventy-five.
Ross: Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able.  How much are the boxes?
Sarah: Five dollars a box.
Ross:  And what is second prize?
Sarah: A ten speed bike. But, I’d rather have something my Dad couldn’t sell.
Ross: Well, that makes sense.
Sarah: Could you do me one favor, if it’s not too much trouble?
Ross: Yeah, Sarah, anything.
Sarah: Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don’t have a TV, the lady across the alley said she’d push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.


[Date: December 12, 1996, Session #381]

Woman:  Yesss?
Ross: Hi, I’m selling Brown Bird cookies.
Woman: You’re no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.
Ross: No, hi, I’m, I’m an honorary Brown Bird 
Woman: What does that mean?
Ross: Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I’m not invited to sleep-overs.
Woman: I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!
Ross: No, please, please, um, it’s for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
Woman: I’m pressing, a policeman is on his way.
Ross: Okay, okay! I’m going. I’m going. 
Woman: I can still see you!
Ross: All right!!


[Date: December 12, 1996, Session #382]

Ross: ...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
Joey: All right, I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.
Ross: Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I’m trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I’m putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Chandler: Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Ross: No, but ah, there’s coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I’ll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Ross: Mon?
Monica: All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds.  Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
Ross: Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I’m sure that’s not gonna happen this time, why don’t I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph’s.
Monica: No.
Ross: Oh, come on, now you know you want ‘em.
Monica: Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t do this.
Ross: I’ll tell you what Mon, I’ll give you the first box for free.
Monica:  Oh God! I gotta go! 
Ross: Come on! All the cool kids are eating ‘em! 
Gunther: And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don’t just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Rachel:  I’m training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Joey: Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Rachel: Well, yeah! I’m still pursuing that.
Chandler: How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Rachel: Well, I’m also sending out.... good thoughts.
Joey: If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
Rachel: The fear?
Chandler: He’s right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Rachel: Well then how come you’re still at a job that you hate, I mean why don’t you quit and get ‘the fear’?
Chandler: Because, I’m too afraid.
Rachel: I don’t know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don’t want to be 30 and still work here.
Chandler: Yeah, that’d be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Gunther: Rachel?
Rachel: Yeah.
Gunther: Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
Rachel: Can’t I just look at the handles on them?
Gunther: You would think.
Rachel: Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I’m a terrible waitress? Because, I don’t care. I don’t care. I don’t care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don’t care where the tray spot is, I just don’t care, this is not what I want to do. So I don’t think I should do it anymore. I’m gonna give you my weeks notice.
Gunther: What?!
Rachel: Gunther, I quit.
Chandler:  Does this mean we’re gonna have to start paying for coffee? 


[Date: December 20, 1996, Session #383]

Ross: ....and 12, 22, 18, four...  What?
Chandler: I spelled out boobies.
Monica:  Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
Ross: Ah, we’re out. I sold them all.
Monica: What?
Ross: Monica, I’m cutting you off.
Monica: No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it’s no big deal, all right, I’m-I’m cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Ross: Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
Monica:  Oh God! 
Chandler: So, how many have you sold so far?
Ross: Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
Chandler: Oh my God, how did you do that?
Ross: Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That’s when it occurred to me, the key to my success, ‘the munchies.’ So I ah, started hitting the NYU dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me: 'Cookie Dude!'
Rachel:  Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Ross: Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?
Chandler: Me! On my computer.
Ross: Well you sure used a large font.
Chandler: Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Rachel: Hey-hey-hey that’s funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Chandler: Something else I might have said?
Rachel: I don’t know, I don’t know, weren’t you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Ross: Sweetie, calm down, it’s gonna be okay.
Rachel: No, it’s not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don’t have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I’m just gonna, I’m just gonna call Gunther and I’m gonna tell him, I’m not quitting.
Chandler: You-you-you don’t wanna give into the fear.
Rachel: You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
Joey:  Hey! I got great news!
Chandler: Run, Joey! Run for your life! 
Joey: What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
Rachel: No.
Joey: Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
Rachel: Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
Joey: Not a problem.
Rachel: Thanks.
Joey: And now for the great news.
Ross: What, that wasn’t the great news?
Joey: Only if you think it’s better than this...  snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
Monica: Christmas cookie?


[Date: December 24, 1996, Session #384]

Ross:  Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
Girl: I’m not gonna tell you! You’re the bad man who broke Sarah’s leg.
Ross: Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
Girl: You’re a big scrud.
Ross: What’s a scrud?
Girl: Why don’t you look in the mirror, scrud.
Ross: I don’t have too. I can just look at you.
Leader: All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very nice.
Ross:  Not nice enough.
Leader: Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.
Ross:  Good for a scrud.
Leader: Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.
Ross: That’s crap!! Sister Brown Bird.  Good going. 
Leader: Who’s next? 
Ross: Hi there!
Leader: Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
Ross: Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.


[Date: December 24, 1996, Session #385]

Chandler: Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Ross: Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
Chandler:  Hey! How’d the interview go?
Rachel: Oh, I blew it. I wouldn’t of even hired me.
Ross: Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you’re gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job.  That’s not how that was supposed to come out.
Phoebe: This is the worst Christmas ever.
Chandler: Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
Rachel: I can’t! It’s too late! Terry already hired that girl over there.  Look at her, she’s even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin....  swans.
Ross: That word was swans.


[Date: December 24, 1996, Session #386]

Rachel: Here we go. I’m serving my last cup of coffee.  There you go.  Enjoy. 
Chandler:  Should I tell her I ordered tea?
Ross: No.
Rachel: Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it’s just time to move on.  Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.


[Date: December 27, 1996, Session #387]

Ross: I’m, I’m sorry you didn’t get to go to Spacecamp, and I’m hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle’s Private Very Special Spacecamp!! 
Sarah: Really Mr. Geller, you don’t have to do this.
Ross: Oh come on! Here we go!  Stand by for mission countdown!
Joey:  Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight...  Okay, Blast off!
Chandler: I’m an alien. I’m an alien.
Ross: Oh no! An asteroid! 

[Date: January 9, 1997, Session #388]

Joey: Okay, pick a card, any card.  All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
Monica: Um-mm.
Joey: All right, give it back to me.  5 of hearts.
Ross: Real magic does exist.
Rachel: Wow.
Monica: Wow. Joey,  how do you do it?
Joey: I can’t tell you that, no.
Ross: Ah, somebody’s at the door on the ceiling.
Rachel: Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
Monica: He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Phoebe: Why don’t you go up there and ask him to ‘step lightly, please?’
Monica: I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
Phoebe: Ooh, that is silly.  I’ll go up there, I’ll tell him to keep it down.
Monica: All right, be my guest.
Rachel: Good luck.
Joey: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn’t see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye.  I just did it.  I just did it, again. Here, I’ll slow it down so that you guys can see it. 
All: Oh, I got it.
Phoebe:  Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
Guy:  Whoa, you are very beautiful.
Phoebe:  Oh, thank you.


[Date: January 9, 1997, Session #389]

Chandler:  Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Monica: Honey, what’s the matter?
Chandler: I just saw Janice.
All: Oh.
Chandler: Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid’s pretzel at them.
Joey: Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Chandler: Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Joey: Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....
Ross: Hey Chandler, there’s a party tomorrow, you’ll feel better then.
Chandler: Oh, y'know what, I’m gonna be okay, you don’t have to throw a party for me.
Monica: It’s Joey’s birthday.
Chandler: Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
Monica: Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
Chandler: Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.


[Date: January 10, 1997, Session #390]

Gunther:  Hey guys.
Monica: Hey Gunther. Hi.  I mean you’re going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Phoebe: Well, he’s very charming.
Monica: I know, he’s too charming, but if you two start going out, then it’s just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Phoebe: Well, you’re just gonna have to try.
Monica: Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
Joey: I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...
Joey: Chandler!
Chandler: Hello-dillillio!!
Ross: Oh, somebody’s feeling better.
Monica:  Stick out your tongue.
Chandler:  Take off your shirt!
Monica: Oh my!!
Joey: Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
Chandler: Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
Rachel:  The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: Hi! So I’m out having lunch at Monica’s and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale’s and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he’s gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
Ross: Wow!
Rachel: I know!
Ross: What, so this guy is helping you for no apparent reason?
Rachel: Uh-huh!
Ross: And he’s, he’s a total stranger?
Rachel: Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.
Ross: Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
Rachel: What!?
Ross: Well, I’m just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Rachel: To be nice.
Ross: Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?
Joey: No, only for sex.
Ross: Thank you.  So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
Rachel: I didn’t have to, because I was wearing my ‘I heart Ross’ sandwich board and ringing my bell.
Ross: Uh-huh.
Joey’s Sisters:  Joey!!! Happy Birthday!! 
Joey: Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
Chandler:  Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Monica: How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey’s sisters.
Chandler: Hi Joey’s sisters!
Phoebe:  Hey!
Cookie: Hey. What are we drinkin’ over here.
Phoebe: Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
Cookie: No kiddin,’ that’s the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Phoebe: Wow. Okay, I don’t know how to talk to you.
Sister 1:  What ‘cha doing?
Chandler: Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
Joey’s Sisters: Oh!!
Chandler: No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can’t we savor the precious moments?  Those are some huge breasts you have.
Ross: Hi.
Monica: Hi.
Ross: Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
Monica: Isn’t that great?
Ross: Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
Monica: Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, ‘Hummina-hummina-hummina.’ 
Ross: That’s excellent.


[Date: January 11, 1997, Session #391]

Ross:  So, he’s just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn’t want anything in exchange for helping him?
Rachel: Well, I assume I’ll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that’s true of any job.
Monica: How ya feelin’?
Chandler: Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.
Phoebe: Where’d you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
All: Woooo hoooo!!!
Chandler: Ow, no ‘woo-hooing,’ no ‘woo-hooing.’
Phoebe: Why, what happened?
Chandler: Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister.  Well, that’s not the worst part.
Monica: What is the worse part?
Chandler: I can’t remember which sister.
Ross:  You see what men do! Don’t tell me men are not nice!  This is men!!


[Date: January 11, 1997, Session #392]

Monica: Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.
Chandler: Okay! You don’t think I thought of that?
Phoebe: How can you not know which one?
Rachel: I mean that’s unbelievable.
Monica: I mean, was it Gina?
Ross: Which one is Gina?
Rachel: Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.
Monica: No, no, no, that’s Dina.
Chandler:  You see you can’t tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Phoebe: We didn’t fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
Chandler: Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
Monica: That was me.
Chandler: Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I’m sorry.
Monica: That’s okay.
Rachel: That’s all right.
Ross: That’s okay.
Joey:  Can I talk to you for a second?!
Ross: Hey, Joey.
Rachel: Hey. 
Joey: Come on!! 
Chandler: Why can’t we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
Joey: I just got off the phone with my sister.
Ross: Ah, which, which one?
Joey: Mary-Angela.
Ross: Mary-Angela.
Joey: Yeah.
Monica: Y'know which one was she again?
Joey: Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin’ over Janice by groping my sister.
Chandler: It’s gotta be the first one.
Joey: Really? That’s great! You and my sister, sittin’ in a tree.
Chandler: Yep, I’m in a tree.


[Date: January 12, 1997, Session #393]

Ross: Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the hell’s a matter with you? How do you think Joey’s going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Chandler: Well, that’s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I’ll be in Cuba.
Ross: All right, look, look, you’ve got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Chandler: What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Ross: Where in Cuba?


[Date: January 12, 1997, Session #394]

Rachel: I can’t believe Mark didn’t call. It’s Sunday night, and he didn’t call.
Ross: Bummer.
Rachel:  Yeah, right. Look at you, you’re practically giddy.
Ross: No, I’m genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn’t work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
Monica: Wait a minute, why don’t you just call Mark.  I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you’ve got to make stuff happen.
Ross: But, you, you don’t want to seem too pushy.
Monica:  Honey, it’s not pushy, he gave her his home number.
Ross:  What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
Rachel: Yeah, and you don’t mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
Ross: That’s right good things, that-that is what I said. 
Rachel:  Hello, Mark? Hi, it’s Rachel Green.  Oh no, don’t you apologize.  Yeah, I’ll hold.  He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
Ross: That is so made up!
Rachel:  Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it’s perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye!  I got the interview!
Monica: Yay!
Ross: There you go.
Rachel: He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
Monica: Oh, that is amazing!
Ross: Yeah well, if I know Mark, and I think I do, I’d expect nothing less.
Rachel: I got to figure out what I’m going to wear.
Ross: High collar and baggy pants say I’m a pro.
Rachel: Yeah! Right! Okay, I’ll see you guys later.  Woo hoo!
Ross: You go get ‘em.  What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
Monica: What?
Ross: ‘Why don’t you call him?!’ Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Monica: Are you crazy?!
Ross: Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
Monica: What?! Ross y'know this isn’t even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you’re right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Ross: No.
Monica: I mean don’t you trust her?
Ross: Well, yeah!
Monica: Then get over yourself! Grow up!
Ross:  You grow up.


[Date: January 13, 1997, Session #395]

Rachel:  Hey!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: What are you doing here?
Ross: Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I... 
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: Hi. 
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: How’d did it go?
Rachel: Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn’t shut up.
Ross: I’m so proud of you.
Rachel: Me too!
Ross: Listen, I’m ah, I’m sorry I’ve been so crazy and jealous and, it’s just that I like you a lot, so...
Rachel: I know.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Yeah.
Mark: Rachel?
Rachel: Yeah.  Hi Mark!
Mark: Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.
Rachel: Oh, I did!
Mark: Yes.
Rachel:  Oh my God!! 
Ross: Congratu!!  -lations-lations.


[Date: January 13, 1997, Session #396]

Monica: So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?
Phoebe: Oh well y'know. 
Monica: Yeah, I do know.
Phoebe: Ick, you were eavesdropping.
Rachel: Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the ceiling tiles were falling down.
Phoebe: Oh, I’m sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
Ross: Maybe he’s just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?
Ross: Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
Joey: All right, that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe.  This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime!  But, is he a big guy?
Ross: Ah, we’ll all go.  Come on. 
Phoebe: Thanks you guys! Thank you.
Chandler: Don’t worry.
Phoebe: God, I hope they kick his ass!
Rachel: Honey, I’m sorry.
Monica: Y'know if it’s any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you. 
Guy:  May I help you?

[Date: January 16, 1997, Session #397]

Rachel:  Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?
Chandler: Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
Rachel:  Tell him.
Ross:  It's her first day at this new job. Your not supposed to start with her!
Chandler: All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?
Ross: Why?
Chandler: I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Ross: Oh God. Y'know, botanists are such geeks.
Chandler: Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?
Ross: Hmm? Oh, yeah. 
Phoebe:  Morning. Rach, I'm here with the purses!
Chandler:  It must take you forever to find your keys.
Rachel:  Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.
Phoebe: Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
Rachel: No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Ross: Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Rachel: Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
Ross: Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?
Rachel: Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing.  Is this actually a lunchbox?
Phoebe: Umm, no, it's a purse. And there's a thermos in it.
Rachel: Oh.
Chandler:  Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
Ross: What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
Chandler: Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
Phoebe: A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich�. Why don't you get a magician?!
Chandler: Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.


[Date: January 16, 1997, Session #398]

Ross: She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and,  he's really good looking.  What am I gonna do?
Chandler: Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings!  Don't cry outloud.
Joey:  Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?
Chandler: I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
Joey: It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
Ross: Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.
Joey: What?
Ross: Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.
Joey: Who?
Chandler: I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
Joey: The what?
Chandler: The abridgment.
Joey: Oh, okay.  The what?


[Date: January 16, 1997, Session #399]

Mark: ...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
Rachel: Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
Mark: Twenty percent.
Rachel: Oh!! I love this job!  Wow! My first call.
Mark: Here, let me.  Rachel Green's line, how may I help you?
Ross:  Hi, is Rachel there?
Mark: And who may I say is calling?
Ross: This is Ross?
Mark: Ross of.....
Ross: Of Ross and Rachel.
Mark: Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.
Ross: Oh hey, hey Mark.
Mark: Hey, hold on a second.
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: Hi honey!
Ross: Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?
Rachel: Oh, he's just goofing around.
Ross: Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office?
Rachel: Oh honey, this is his office too. I told you we're Joanna's two assistants.
Ross: Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she?
Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do?
Ross: What?
Rachel: I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go.  Mark, I need you!
Ross: Okay, bye-bye. 
Rachel: Ow! Ross!!
Ross: Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number. 


[Date: January 18, 1997, Session #400]

Mark:  Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?
Rachel: Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm... 
Mark: Wh-what's that?
Ross: It's from Ross, it's a love bug.
Mark: Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.
Rachel: Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
Man:  Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?
Rachel: Yes.
Man:  One, two, three...
Quartet:  Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
The Bass Barber: Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.
Quartet:  And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...
The Bass Barber: It's nice to have a boyfriend.
Quartet: Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!


[Date: January 18, 1997, Session #401]

Ross: I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
Rachel: All right Ross!! I get it!!
Ross: I mean my God...
Rachel: You're hurt!
Ross: ...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
Rachel: Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
Ross: I would never do that!
Rachel: Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
Ross: Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.


[Date: January 18, 1997, Session #402]

Joey: Mark's a genius!
Ross: Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
Chandler: Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Ross: What am I going to do?
Chandler: Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
Ross: I don't know you guys.
Chandler: All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Joey: And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like,  'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
Chandler: He paints quite a picture doesn't he?


[Date: January 19, 1997, Session #403]

Woman:  Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.
Mark:  And wait, I've got something for you. 
Woman: Mark!!
Mark: It's okay, Rachel knows.
Woman: Yeah, but even soo.
Mark: I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.
Rachel: Ohhh! That is soo sweet! 
Mark: Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.
Ross: All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
Mark: What is going on?
Ross: What's going on?!  That's what's going on!!
Rachel:  Ross!
Ross: I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?!  Hi Rach. 


[Date: January 21, 1997, Session #404]

Rachel: So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Chandler: Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got.  See, she's fully dressed, right?
Rachel: Right.
Chandler: And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and  whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! 
Ross:  Hi.
Rachel: Hello.
Chandler: Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.
Ross:  I'm sorry, I was an idiot.
Rachel: A big idiot.
Ross: A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Rachel: Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Ross: Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
Gunther: Let it be me! Let it be me!
Rachel: Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous. 
Ross: I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Chandler: Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Rachel: Where ya going?
Ross: Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this afternoon.
Rachel: Ohh, with who?
Ross: Oh, just this woman that I met last night at the party.
Rachel: There was a woman at the...  The stripper?!
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: You have a play date with a stripper?!
Chandler: Man, I gotta get a kid. 
Ross: Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
Rachel: Sure, is she married?
Ross: Ahh, no.
Rachel: Oh. 
Ross: Are you jealous?
Rachel: Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Ross: You are totally jealous.
Rachel: I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
Ross: Honey, I love you too.
Rachel: Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.
Ross: What?
Ross: Huh.
Rachel:  Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.
Chandler: Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.


[Date: January 31, 1997, Session #405]

Chandler: Yeah, baby!
Ross: What are you doing?
Chandler: Making chocolate milk. Do you want some?
Ross: No thanks. I’m 29.
Rachel:  Oh my God, I gotta go to work!
Ross: Oh sweetie, when do you think you’re going to get off tonight?
Rachel: Oh I don’t know honey. It’s gonna be really late.
Ross: Oh come on, not again.
Rachel: I know. I’m sorry. Look, I’ll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
Ross: Hmm.
Rachel: For every night that you’re asleep before I get home from work...
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: I will wake you up in a way that’s proved very popular in the past.
Ross: Now, if you need to stay late, I want to be supportive of that.
Rachel: Right.
Phoebe:  Hi.
All: Hey.
Joey:  Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Phoebe: Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that’s he’s going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Ross: And what are you going to do for him?
Phoebe: I’m going to let him.
Ross: Okay.
Joey: Cool.
Monica:  Morning.
All: Hey.
Rachel: Somebody got in late last night.
Monica: Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
Rachel: When did this happen?
Monica: Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Phoebe: Oh, there’s no such thing as an innocent burger.
Ross: So, are you gonna see him again?
Monica: Tomorrow night.
Rachel: Monica, what are you doing?
Chandler: Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she’s celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Monica: It’s not a date, okay. I’m just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Joey: Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you’ll probably be hungry after the sex.
Monica: We’re not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing’s changed here. He still doesn’t want children and I still do, so that’s why we’re just gonna be friends.
Ross: Naked friends.


[Date: January 31, 1997, Session #406]

Phoebe: Um, Chandler, Ross, this is Robert.
Chandler: Oh, hey.
Robert: Hi.
Ross: Hey.
Phoebe:  You’ve have lipstick right here . That’s okay, it’s mine, we just kissed.
Ross: Oh.
Chandler:  So ah, isn’t a bit cold out for shorts?
Robert: Well, I’m from California.
Chandler: Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames.
Chandler:  I’m up! I’m up, I’ve gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything?
Phoebe: I’ll have coffee.
Robert: Yeah, me too.
Ross: Yeah, make that three.
Chandler: Okay Ross, why don’t you come with me?
Ross: Okay.   What ah, what is the matter with you? What’s going on?
Chandler: Robert’s coming out.
Ross: What, what do you mean, what? Is he gay?
Chandler: No. He.....he’s coming out of his shorts.
Ross: What?!
Chandler: The man is showing brain.
Ross: Are you sure?  Hold on.  I’m sorry you guys, that was a coffee and a....
Robert: Coffee.
Ross: Okay.
Robert: We could write it down for you?
Ross: No, no, that won’t be ah, that won’t be necessary 
Chandler:  Wellll?
Ross: Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Chandler: What do we do? What do we do?
Ross: Well, I suppose we just try to not look directly at it.
Chandler: Like an eclipse.


[Date: February 1, 1997, Session #407]

Joey: These little women. Wow!
Chandler: Your liking it, huh?
Joey: Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.
Ross: Umm, Jo’s a girl, it’s short for Josephine.
Joey: But Jo’s got a crush on Laurie.  Oh. You mean it’s like a girl-girl thing? ‘Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Chandler: No, actually Laurie’s a boy.
Joey: No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
Phoebe: Hey!
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: Hey! How’d the ah, basketball go?
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
Chandler: You mean a three pointer?
Phoebe: Oh, I get more because I’m dainty.
Robert: So um, is there a phone here, I can check my messages?
Phoebe: Yeah, in the back. You want a quarter?
Robert: Oh, no thanks. I always carry one in my sock.
Joey:  What are you doing?  Get back over on your side of the...  Hello!!  Hi, I’m Joey, we haven’t met.
Robert: Ah, good to meet you. Robert.
Phoebe: What?  What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert?  Why are you laughing?!
Ross: Calm down. There’s no reason to get testy.
Phoebe: You guys!! Come on!
Chandler: I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it just seems that Robert isn’t as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
Phoebe: What do you mean?
Robert: Hey. 
Phoebe: Hey.
Joey: Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Robert: Sure.


[Date: February 3, 1997, Session #408]

Robert: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh! Don’t sit down!
Robert: You ready to go to the batting cage?
Phoebe: Yeah. And, first here’s a gift.
Robert: Oh! Wow! Hey!
Chandler: Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Robert: Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don’t think I can wear these, they’re so tight, I feel like I’m on display. I’m sorry.
Phoebe: That’s all right, that’s well, I figured.... 
Robert:  Hey!
Joey: Hey!  How’s it going?
Ross: Good.
Joey: Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Rachel: Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
Joey: Oooh, the next part’s the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Rachel: Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you’re gonna ruin it!
Joey: All right I’ll talk in code.  Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Chandler: Hmmm, that’s very cool.
Joey: Oh, all blank, and no blank, make’s blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
Rachel: Joey! I can’t believe you just did that!
Chandler: I can’t believe she cracked your code!
Rachel: All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she’s still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Joey: Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Rachel: Eh. Beth dies.
Joey: Beth, Beth dies?
Rachel: Um-hmm.
Joey: Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Chandler: No, Beth doesn’t die, she doesn’t die. Does she Rachel?
Rachel: What?!
Ross: Joey’s asking if you’ve just ruined the first book he’s ever loved that didn’t star Jack Nicholson?
Rachel: No. She doesn’t die.
Joey: Then why would you say that?!
Rachel: Because, I wanted to hurt you.
Robert:  Oh, there they are! I-I dropped my keys.
Rachel:  Oh my....
Robert: Got ‘em.


[Date: February 4, 1997, Session #409]

Phoebe: Listen, Robert’s gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Ross: Oh.
Phoebe: Please, right now, no, every time I see him it’s like ‘Is it on the lose?’ ‘Is it watching me?’
Chandler: We can’t tell him, you can’t go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Ross: He’s right, even if it’s to say something complementary. 
Robert:  Hey!
Phoebe: Hey.
Robert:  So are ready for the gym? They’ve got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.
Phoebe: No, I can spot you from here.
Robert: What?
Phoebe: Okay, listen Robert...
Ross:  Hey, don’t we have to...
Chandler: Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Phoebe: Umm, I think you’re really, really great...
Robert: Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me?  Is it something I’m putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Phoebe: I-I-I-I-I don’t know, I don’t know what to say.
Gunther:   Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.


[Date: February 6, 1997, Session #410]

Singer:  ‘Cause every time I see your face, I can’t help but fall from grace. I know.....
Joey: Wow! This girl is good.
Phoebe: Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
Chandler: I like her.
Phoebe:  Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
Chandler: Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.
Monica:  Look at you. All jealous.
Ross: Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she’s more.. y'know, and you’re more 
Singer:  beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .
Phoebe: Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she’s done.
Singer: Okay, my next song’s called: Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn’t Have Left You That Way.
Phoebe: Oh no, one of those ‘look for the hidden meaning’ songs.


[Date: February 7, 1997, Session #411]

Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi, sweetie!
Ross: Hello.
Mark: Hi, Ross.
Ross: Yeah, huh.
Rachel: I’ve got some bad news.
Ross: What?
Rachel: I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
Ross: Come on sweetie! You’ve had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
Mark: Actually, it’s kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
Ross:  But work comes first!  Oh hey, but that’s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
Rachel: Nooo, he’s leaving for a better job.
Ross: Oh well that’s great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh?  Good bye.
Mark: Okay, then.
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: Well we’re gonna miss you around here.
Mark: Yeah, me too.
Mark: So, see ya on Saturday.
Rachel: Yeah, you bet.


[Date: February 7, 1997, Session #412]

Rachel: Funny book?
Ross: Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying ‘I’ll see you Saturday.’
Rachel: Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn’t mind.
Ross: Oh, no, no, no, it’s-it’s not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....
Rachel: Oh, please tell me it’s not because I’m going with Mark.
Ross: Oh, well...
Rachel: Oh my God!!! Ross!!
Ross: Well, I’m sorry, but ah, look if you’re not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Rachel: Because, he’s my friend.
Ross: Okay, but do you really need another friend? I mean...
Rachel: Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
Ross: Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Rachel: I don’t know, you thought ‘See you Saturday’ was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Ross: Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Rachel: Really!?
Ross: Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
Rachel: Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me.  What?
Ross: What should I wear, now I’m all nervous.


[Date: February 8, 1997, Session #413]

Lecturer: We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
Ross:  I’m really glad we came.  You’re so pretty. I love you.
Rachel: Oh. 


[Date: February 8, 1997, Session #414]

Ross:  So I nodded off a little.
Rachel: Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father’s boat didn’t make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Ross: Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
Rachel: Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he’s ‘Hey everybody! Remember that thing that’s been dead for a gazillion years. Well there’s this little bone we didn’t know it had!’
Ross: First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn’t fly.
Rachel: Okay, see now, what I just heard: blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Ross: Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
Rachel: Oh, that is so...
Ross: No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island. 
Rachel: Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn’t go with Mark?
Ross: No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don’t know, I feel like lately, I feel like you’re slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you’ve got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it’s dumb, but I hate that I’m not a part of it.
Rachel: It’s not dumb. But, maybe it’s okay that you’re not a part of it. Y'know what I mean?  I mean it’s like, I-I-I like that you’re not involved in that part of my life.
Ross: That’s a little clearer.
Rachel: Honey see, it doesn’t mean that I don’t love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it’s-it’s for me y'know, I’m out there, on my own, and I’m doing it and it’s scary but I love it, because it’s mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
Ross: Sure, I-I-I... 


[Date: February 10, 1997, Session #415]

Chandler:  Well hello!
Joey: Where have you been?
Chandler: The doctor.
Ross: Is everything okay?
Chandler: Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
Monica: Wow! It’s like Rachel in High School.
Rachel: What?!!
Monica: Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
Chandler: That was an obvious joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!

[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #416]

Phoebe:  See there it is right there.
Monica: Wow! It’s small.
Phoebe: Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
Monica: So you had fun, huh?
Phoebe: Yeah. Except for, y'know when you’re on a date and you’re getting along really great but the guy’s translator keeps getting in the way.
Monica: No.
Ross:  Hey.
Phoebe and Monica: Hey.
Ross: What is ah, Rach in her room?
Monica: Oh no, she’s still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Ross: Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn’t she know it’s our anniversary?
Monica: All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject.  Call Rachel.
Ross: What’s that on the bottom?
Monica: Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat.  She’s fancy.
Rachel:  Hello.
Ross: Hey, honey.
Rachel: Oh, hi.
Ross: Hey, what’s going on?
Rachel: Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I’ve got to get this order in. Honey, I’m so sorry, but it looks like I’m gonna be here all night.
Ross: What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
Rachel: No-no-no, no, honey please, I’ve got, I’ve just have so much to deal with.
Phoebe:  Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator’s date? So that when we, it’s time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he’s really, he’s kinda cute.
Monica: Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Phoebe: Hey, don’t call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #417]

Rachel:  No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And....  What does it matter, what I’m wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor?  Thank you.  We’re holding.
Ross:  Hi!
Rachel:  Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
Ross: Well you said you couldn’t go out so.... 
Sophie: You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That’s it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.
Rachel: Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
Ross: Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
Rachel: Honey, honey, I’m sorry, I know it’s our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don’t have time to stop.
Ross: Okay, you don’t have to stop, I’m invisible, I’m not here. 
Rachel: But I don’t, hmm...  Oh, who approved that order?!  Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office.  Get me Mark on the phone!
Sophie: I love Mark.  Do you know Mark?
Ross: Yeah!!
Rachel: Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for  this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
Ross:  Pepper?
Rachel:  None for me.
Ross: Okay sorry, whew.
Rachel: I’m sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I’m sorry but that’s...  Oh my God!!
Ross:  Okay, that’s a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Rachel:  Excuse me, I’m sorry, I’m gonna have to call you back, I’ve got a Schemp in my office.   What are you doing?
Ross: I’m sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody’s off the phone, how ‘bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
Rachel: Ross you’re not listening to me, I don’t have time to stop.
Ross: Come on Rach, you don’t have what, ten minutes?
Rachel: I don’t have ten minutes!!
Ross: What?  Sophie, does she have ten minutes?
Rachel: Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don’t!
Ross: Don’t yell at me okay, this is the most I’ve seen you all week.
Rachel: Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I’ve got a deadline, would you just go home, I’ll talk to you later. 
Ross: Yeah, but wait...
Rachel: Good bye!
Sophie: Actually, that’s our three hole punch.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #418]

Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...
Ross: No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
Rachel:  I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
Ross: For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Rachel: You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody’s work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
Ross: Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
Rachel: But I told you, I didn’t have the time!
Ross: Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don’t feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
Rachel: Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
Ross: No, but it’d be nice if you realised, it’s just a job!
Rachel: Just a job!
Ross: Yes.
Rachel: Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at. I mean. if you don’t get that...
Ross: No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.
Rachel: Well neither do I!
Ross: Is this about Mark?
Rachel:  Oh my God.
Ross: Okay, it’s not, it’s not.
Rachel: Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’re making this too hard.
Ross: Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Rachel: I don’t know, I don’t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Ross: Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break,  let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some frozen yogart, or something.. 
Rachel: No.  A break from us.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #419]

Chloe: And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.
Chloe:  Hey, it’s the dinosaur guy.  Hi, Ross.
Ross: Oh, hi Chloe.
Chloe: I want you to met some friends of mine.  This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don’t do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say ‘let’s Ross it!’
Chandler: And that’s the only colour that comes in.
Issac: Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the condom machine?
Chloe: Oh! 
Chandler: So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.
Ross: Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we’re gonna break-up instead.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #420]

Joey: So what are you gonna do?
Ross: What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
Chandler: Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
Ross: Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don’t I have to wait a while?
Chandler: Hey, this isn’t like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!
Chandler: Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.
Joey: Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.
Chandler: Why? What happened to him?
Joey: Nothing, he’s just really believes in that.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #421]

Rachel: Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don’t want to take a break.
Mark: Wow. I’m sorry. Eggroll?
Rachel: No.  And then I called him, and he wasn’t there.
Mark: Well, then he’s, he’s probably just, out.
Rachel: Oh, thank you that’s very helpful, I’m glad you came over.
Rachel: Hello.
Ross: Hi! It’s me.
Rachel: Hi! Oh, I’m so glad you called.
Ross: Really? I’ve been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don’t, don’t you think we can work on this?
Mark: Hey, what do you want to drink?
Ross: Who’s that?
Rachel: Nobody.
Mark: Is it okay if I finish the apple juice?
Ross: Is that Mark?
Rachel: Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
Ross: Yeah! Got it! 
Chloe: Hey, dinosaur guy, look at you, so sad. Come dance.
Ross: Ah, that’s okay, thanks.
Chloe: Hey, you don’t have to smile. You just have to dance.
Ross: Look, I don’t feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
Chloe: Oh, okay.  Hey, two beers. 


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #422]

Ross:  I like this song.
Chloe: Well, you’re practically dancing already. Why don’t you just do it over here?
Ross: Oh, no, no.
Chloe: What? Are you married? ‘Cause that’s okay.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #423]

Ross: I mean, I don’t feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
Rachel: You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you’ve got a girlfriend?
Ross: Is this about Mark?
Rachel:  Oh my God.
Ross: Okay, it’s not, it’s not.
Rachel: Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Ross: Fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break,  let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some frozen yoghurt, or something.. 
Rachel: No. A break from us.


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #424]

Rachel: Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don’t want to take a break.
Ross:  I’ve been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don’t, don’t you think we can work on this?
Mark: Hey, what do you want to drink?
Ross: Who’s that?
Rachel: Nobody.
Ross: Is that Mark?
Rachel: Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
Ross: Yeah! Got it! 


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #425]

Rachel:  Hi, it’s me. I’ve been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Ross: Yeah!!
Rachel: Eh, I’m just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don’t want to get back together over a machine.
Ross: Na-huh.
Rachel: So, I love you.
Ross: I love you.
Rachel: And y'know what, I’m gonna, I’m gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I’m gonna stop by around 8:30.
Ross: Okay. 
Rachel: Bye.
Ross: Chloe, Chloe how’s it coming?!!
Chloe:  Hey, what kind of puppy do you think I should get?
Ross: Umm, oh, hey, I don’t know. How about a big one?
Chloe: But my apartment is so...
Ross: Well then a small one!! Listen, let’s, we kinda have to get going!
Chloe: Wait! Where’s my shoes?
Ross: You, you sure you need shoes?  Okay. 
Chloe: Do I know why we’re rushing?
Ross: Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?  Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Chloe: That’s so great for you guys!
Ross: Yeah!
Chloe: You must be so happy!
Ross: Yes, yes I am, one of the many things I’m feeling. Well.... 
Chloe: Good luck, with your girlfriend.
Ross: Oh, thank you.  Hey, hey.  Rachel!!!!
Rachel: Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Ross: Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
Rachel: So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Ross: Yes, you can, very much.
Ross:  Ahhhh!! 


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #426]

Chandler: Oh my God! Oh my God!
Joey: Yeah. We figured when we couldn’t find you, you’d gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Ross: You think?! God, I, ah, I’m in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel’s all like, ‘I love you and, and let’s work on this.’ And all I can think about is, ‘What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?’ when I tell her what I did.
Chandler: Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Ross: What?! Look, we’re trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Joey: Look, Ross look, I’m on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that’s gonna get you in trouble.
Chandler: He’s right. Nobody’s gonna benefit, and you’re just gonna hurt her.
Joey: Yeah, and there won’t be a relationship left to rebuild.
Ross: Yeah, but don’t you think....
Chandler: All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing’s right. And that’s what deathbeds are for.
Ross: Yeah, okay. 
Joey: All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn’t find out some other way.  Did you think about the trail?
Ross: What trail?
Joey:  The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it!  You always have to think about the trail!
Ross: Oh, I-I don’t think there’s any trail.
Chandler: Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac’s sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe’s friends with Rachel. And that’s the trail, I did it!


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #427]

Ross:  Chloe? Hi..
Chloe: Is this about me taking your watch?
Ross: You took my watch?
Chloe: I’m sorry, I do that.
Ross: Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?
Chloe: Oh no. I feel it isn’t really anybody’s business, y'know.
Ross: Exactly. So you didn’t, didn’t mention anything to Issac right?
Chloe: Oh, well I tell Issac everything.
Ross: You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven’t actually met...
Issac: You dog!
Ross: Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
Issac: Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
Ross: Yeah, that’s the one. Listen, I don’t want to hurt her.
Issac: Oh, hey, man I know, doesn’t matter how much we love ‘em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Ross: Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Issac: Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We’re the same, you and me.
Ross: Actually, no, we’re not.
Issac: Yeah, we are.
Ross: No, we’re not.
Issac: Yeah, we are.
Ross: No, we’re not!!
Issac: Okay, we’re not.
Ross: Right.
Issac: But, we are.
Ross: Fine. I just need to know that you’re not gonna tell your sister.
Issac: I can promise not to tell her again.


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #428]

Ross:  Jasmine?
Jasmine: Uh-huh.
Ross: We met at Phoebe’s birthday party, I’m, I’m Ross Geller.
Jasmine: You did a bad thing!
Ross: Yes, I did.
Jasmine: Very bad!
Ross: Very bad.
Jasmine: Very, very bad.
Ross: I’m agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
Jasmine: No.
Ross: Okay, Jasmine, please, please don’t. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
Jasmine: All right.
Ross: Thank you, thank you.
Jasmine: But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
Ross:  Who’s your roommate?


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #429]

Ross: Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn’t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Gunther: I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #430]

Monica: Ow!
Phoebe: Oh!!
Monica: Ow!! Ow!!
Phoebe: Ow!!!
Monica and Phoebe: Ow!!!!!!! Ow-ow-ow-ow!
Phoebe: We’re all right.
Monica: It’s okay, it’s okay.
Phoebe: We’re all right.
Monica: We were just waxing our legs.
Chandler: Off?!!
Phoebe: For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Chandler: Yeah, well I don’t think you can make that statement, unless you’ve been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Joey: Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that’s all. I mean, come on, it’s just a little wax.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, come here. 
Chandler: Oh, that’s mature.
Joey: Okay, fine, so now what, I just pull it off?
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Monica: That’s right.
Ross:  Come on, Rachel, come on! Talk to me! Please!!
Rachel: I can’t talk to you. I can’t even look at you right now!
Monica: What?
Chandler: Nothing, nothing.
Monica:  Rachel said everything was okay.
Phoebe:  What, what are they talking about?
Ross: Rachel?
Rachel: Just get away from me!
Ross: No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
Rachel: A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?!
Phoebe: Whe-where did he put it?!
Rachel: Ross, you had sex with another woman!
Monica: Oh my God.
Phoebe: Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Chandler: Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Monica: Oh!!  You guys knew about this and you didn’t tell us?!
Chandler:  He has sex, and we get hit in our heads.
Rachel:  Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Ross: No!!
Rachel: Just get out! Now!!
Ross: No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Rachel: Okay! All right! How was she?
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Ross: What?
Rachel: Was she good?
Joey: Don’t answer that.
Rachel: Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let’s talk about it!! How was she?
Ross: She was...
Joey: Awful! Horrible!
Chandler: She was not good. Not good.
Joey: She was nothing compared to you.
Ross: She, she was different.
Joey: Ewwwww!
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Rachel: Good different?
Ross: Nobody likes change.
Ross: What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Phoebe: Should we do something?
Chandler: Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
Ross: I’m sorry, okay, I’m sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Rachel: Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave?  Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Ross: Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Rachel: And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
Ross: Look, I didn’t think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
Rachel: We were on a break!
Ross: That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
Rachel: You think you’re gonna get out of this on a technicality?
Ross: Look, I’m not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
Rachel: Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake!
Joey: Y'know what, I don’t think we should listen to this anymore. 
Monica:  What, what are you doing? You can’t go out there.
Joey: Why not?!  I’m hungry.
Monica: Because they’ll know we’ve been listening.
Rachel: God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Ross: Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn’t happen!
Rachel: Oh, that is so sweet. I think I’m falling in love with you all over again.
Chandler: Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Joey: Yeah, we’ll be fine.
Ross: Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Chandler:  Wax the door shut, we’re never leaving, ever.
Phoebe: Hi, it’s Phoebe. Listen someone’s gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, ‘cause it’s like 9:15 now, and I’m not there.
Ross: Don’t you realise none of this would’ve ever happened if I didn’t think at that same moment you weren’t having sex with Mark?
Rachel: All right. Let’s say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Ross:  Yes I would.
Rachel: You’d be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
Ross:  Yes.
Rachel: You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
Ross:  La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it’s, I mean it’s you.
All: Ohhhhh!
Ross: What? Come on Rach, tell me what you’re thinking?
Rachel: I’m thinking, I’m gonna order a pizza.
Ross: Order a pizza like, ‘I forgive you?’
Joey: Oh man, pizza? I like pizza.  Put olives on the pizza.
Phoebe: We could eat the wax! It’s organic.
Chandler: Oh great, food with hair on it.
Phoebe: No, not the used wax.
Chandler: Because that would be crazy?
Ross: Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I’m kinda hungry myself.
Rachel: Fine.  Hi! Yes, I’d like to order a large pizza.
Ross: No anchovies.
Rachel: With ah, extra anchovies.
Ross: That’s okay, I’ll just pick ‘em off.
Rachel: Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
Ross: You can have the last piece, if you want.
Rachel: Well, I should think so. You slept with someone.
Phoebe: They’re gonna get through this, aren’t they?
Chandler: Yeah, come on, it’s Ross and Rachel, they’ve got too.
Monica: What if they don’t?
Joey: You think I need a new walk?
Chandler: What?
Joey: Well y'know, I’ve been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a ‘take notice’ walk.
Chandler: Are you actually saying these words?
Ross: What, now you’re not even taking to me?  Look Rachel, I-I’m sorry, okay, I’m sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I’d lost you, I didn’t know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don’t cheat right, I, that’s not me, I’m not Joey!
Joey: Whoa-ho-ho!  Yeah, okay.
Monica: Hey. It’s three in the morning. They don’t know that I’ve come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Phoebe: Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
Ross: Y'know what, y'know what, I’m-I’m not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You’re the one that bailed on us. You’re the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Rachel: That’s....
Ross: That’s what?!
Rachel: That is neither here nor there.
Ross: Okay, well here we are. Now we’re in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail?  Look, I,  I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I’m sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can’t.  I just can’t see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Rachel: No Ross!!  Don’t! You can’t just kiss me and think you’re gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn’t work that way. It doesn’t just make it better. Okay?
Ross: Okay, okay, okay.
Rachel:  I think you should go.
Ross: What?
Rachel:  I really think you need to go now.
Ross:  Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn’t work past it together...
Rachel: Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Ross: Look, look, there’s got to be a way we can work past this. Okay,  I can’t imagine, I can’t imagine my life without you.  Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach,  and, and....
Rachel:  No. I can’t, you’re a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can’t stop picturing with her, I can’t,  it doesn’t matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It’s just changed, everything. Forever.
Ross:  Yeah, but this can’t be it, I mean.
Rachel: Then how come it is?


[Date: March 8, 1997, Session #431]

Joey:  Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
Phoebe: Wait. Really?! ‘Cause mine get me out of tickets.
Ross: Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It’s been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Chandler: Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
Ross: Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think?  Two days of darts, it’ll be great!
Joey: It’ll be great for next weekend.
Ross: No, no, no, this weekend guys!
Joey: It’ll be great for next weekend. I mean,  it’ll be grrreat.
Ross: What’s going on?
Phoebe: Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel’s sister’s cabin. 
Ross: So, for the whole weekend?
Monica: We’re really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
Ross: Yeah, that’s okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I’m alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
Phoebe: Y'know what, I can stay, I’m gonna stay. ‘Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Joey: Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother’s cab, but y'know what, I’ll stay.
Monica: Noo! I’ll stay. He’s my brother.
Ross: What a pity stay?
Monica: No! We’re gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Ross: Pity food? Y'know what that’s okay, all right, I don’t need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
Chandler: Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.


[Date: March 9, 1997, Session #432]

Carol:  Hi!
Ross:  Hey.
Carol: Hey, what are you doing here?
Ross: Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?
Carol: Ah yeah, but now it’s Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.
Ross: Where’s Ben?
Carol: He’s sleeping.
Ross: Ahh.  Ooh, is this a ah, is this a bad time?
Carol: Umm, yeah, actually, Susan’s gonna be home any minute, it’s kinda an anniversary.
Ross: Oh! I thought you guys got married in uh, January?
Carol: It’s not that kind of anniversary.
Ross: Ah!  Oh.
Carol: Sooo!! Anyway...
Ross: Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. ‘Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Carol: Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
Ross: Yeah, well.
Carol: Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Ross: Oh yeah, I’d love that.
Carol: Oh, great! Me too.
Ross: I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job. 


[Date: March 9, 1997, Session #433]

Ross: ....right? Right? I mean it’s pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don’t, I don’t need them, huh, I’ve got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Carol: Ah, Susan will be so pleased.
Ross:  717?  Where’s 717?  Hey, you’ve have more of these for Susan right?
Carol: No. But it’s okay, I’ll just put out pickles or something.
Phoebe:   Ross, thank God.
Ross: Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?
Phoebe: I ate a bug.
Monica:  Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let’s stock up. 
Phoebe: Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don’t know where we are, so we can’t get a tow truck.
Ross: Oh, now you want a favour?
Phoebe: Yes, please.
Ross: Well, oh, I’m sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I’m a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
Carol:   Phoebe, hang on a second.  Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
Ross: No, I’m not gonna pick them up.
Carol: Listen, we both know you’re gonna do it ‘cause you’re not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Ross: No, Rachel doesn’t want me to....
Carol: Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you ‘cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don’t punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Ross: Yeah, you’re right.
Carol:  Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something.  What?   You slept with someone else?!
Ross: We were on a break!!! Okay!!  We were, we were...,  yeah. Where are you? I’ll find you. 
Carol: You slept with another woman?
Ross: Oh, you-you’re-you’re one to talk.


[Date: March 9, 1997, Session #434]

Joey: Okay, done.
Monica:  What’s ‘pleh’?
Joey: That’s ‘help’ spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Monica: Huh. What’s doofus spelled backwards?
Rachel:  Op, op, car! Car!!  Ugh!!!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s Ross on one of his drives!
Chandler and Joey: Hey!!
Phoebe: Hi!
Rachel: What is he doing here?!
Ross: He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I’m stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I’ve got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
All: No! Come on!
Rachel: All right!! Fine! Fine.
Joey: Arrrghh!!
Chandler: Oh no, now it’s not gonna make any sense!
Phoebe:  You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we’re then gonna go skiing?
Chandler: Oh, this is horrible, it’s just horrible.
Joey: Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
Monica: I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Rachel: Ask me what?
Monica: Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey: No, I wasn’t gonna ask you that, no.
Rachel: You guys are unbelievable. No! He cannot come.
Ross: Excuse me?
Chandler: It’s horrible.
Ross:  Oh please, can’t I come to your special, magical cabin?
Rachel: Why would you even want to come Ross? You’re a horrible skier.
Ross: Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
Monica: Here we go again.
Joey: I-I can’t handle this, you guys.
Chandler: Y'know what, I can handle it, handle’s my middle name. Actually it’s the ah, middle part of my first name.
Ross: All right Pheebs, your cab’s ready.
Rachel: All right, let’s go!
Ross: You’re welcome.
Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
Ross: We were on a break!
Rachel: Y'know Ross why don’t you put that on your answering machine!
Ross: Hey-hey, it’s valid okay? And I’m not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
Rachel:  What?!
Monica:  I don’t know.
Ross: That’s what you said last night.
Monica: What I said was, was that I understood. Joey’s the one who agreed with you!
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: Really Joey?
Joey:  What?
Phoebe: Y'know what, but there is, there is no right or wrong, here.
Rachel: No, I think it’s very obvious who’s wrong here.
Ross: Obviously not to Joey.
Joey:  What?
Ross:  Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
Chandler: Guys, guys, guess who I am?! 
Phoebe: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!!  Look what you’re doing to Chandler!!   Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay?  You don’t, all right you don’t have to love each other, okay? You don’t, you don’t even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Joey: Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Phoebe: Yeah, otherwise, I mean that’s, that’s, that’s just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want?  Can you be civil?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: I can.
Phoebe: Okay. Good, all right, let’s get back in the car, ‘cause it’s freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
Joey: Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who’s going with who?
Ross: Look, you guys, you guys should go.  No, I’m, you, you planned this all out, and I don’t want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Joey: Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
Ross: No, no, really, I’ve got to take the car back anyway, I’m spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It’s fine, no guilt I promise.
Rachel: Thank you.
Monica: All right, we’ll call you when we get back.
Ross: Okay.
Phoebe: Maybe we can like go to a movie or something.
Ross: Okay.
Phoebe: Or, or the rodeo!!
Ross: That would be great.
Phoebe: Okay!
Chandler: I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure.
Ross: I know!
Phoebe: Bye!!!


[Date: March 9, 1997, Session #435]

Carol:  Ugh.  Ross!
Ross:  Hi! Sorry I’m late. Were you sleeping?
Carol: Ahh, nooo!!
Ross: Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, ‘cause that’s not where you want to skimp.
Carol: You’re a genius, Ross.
Ross: Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
Carol: Okay, I’ll pay you tomorrow. 
Ross: Okay.
Carol: Okay, bye!!
Ross: So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?
Carol: Yeah, okay, bye. 
Ross:  So I’m gonna take off then!

[Date: March 13, 1997, Session #436]

Monica:  What’s so funny?
Joey: Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.
Monica: Oh. 
Joey: What-what’s so funny?
Gunther:  Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there’s none of that in here.
Chandler: Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
Gunther: Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Chandler: Okay.
Gunther: Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit. 
Chandler: No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one.
Chandler: Okay, that’s like the least fun game ever.
Rachel: Well, I’m really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit. 
Chandler: Oh.  Nope, that patch is no good. 
Rachel: Come on, it’s a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn’t smoked since.
Ross: Pffhah.
Rachel:  What’s your problem?
Ross: Nothing, it’s just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
Rachel: Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Ross: Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Rachel: Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Phoebe: All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Chandler: Or what my Father called Thursday night.


[Date: March 13, 1997, Session #437]

Ross: Here you go.
Rachel: Oh, y'know what, I didn’t want cinnamon on this.
Ross: Sorry. 
Frank:  Hi!
Phoebe: Oh my God!!
Frank: Hi!
Phoebe: Frank! Hi!
Frank: How are you?
Phoebe: What are you doing here?
Frank: Oh, well y'know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn’t find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Phoebe: What happened?
Frank: Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
Phoebe: But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Frank: Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.
Phoebe: Your getting married?!
Frank: Oh, yeah!
All: Wow!
Phoebe: My little brother’s getting married!!
Frank: Oh, I knew you’d be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Phoebe: Do I?
Frank: Do you?
Phoebe: Yeah, I do, yeah.
Frank: Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck.  I’m gonna, I’m gonna get my ah, my fianc�e man!
Chandler: Y'know, I would’ve bet good money that he’d be the first one of us to get married.
Phoebe: Yeah, isn’t it fantastic?
Monica: Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don’t you think he’s a little young to get married?
Phoebe: What, he’s 18.
Ross: Exactly, it’ll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Joey: Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
Chandler: Always illegal Joe.
Frank:  Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fianc�e, Mrs. Knight. 
Alice: Y'know it-it’s funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Phoebe: Yeah, I’m a big surprise.
Monica: So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Frank: Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight’s ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Alice: And he was my best student.
Frank: Yeah, she was my best teacher.
Alice: Ohhh. 
Chandler: If that doesn’t keep kids in school, what will?
Ross: And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Alice: Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
Rachel: Oh my God!! Great!
Phoebe: Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you’re ready for that?
Frank: I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn’t want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, ‘cause y'know, it’ll be me. Right?
Alice: Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there’s an age difference between us.
Phoebe: Oh good! Okay. ‘Cause you were acting like you didn’t.
Alice: Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?


[Date: March 14, 1997, Session #438]

Phoebe: No, I know, I know, that this is Frank’s life,  y'know. Y'know, I don’t want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it’s sick and wrong!
Ross: Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Phoebe: No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s tongue down my little brother’s throat!
Joey: Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
Phoebe: But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank,  and it-it’s not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it’s not good home economics.
Joey: Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Phoebe: Yes. Not out loud.
Ross: Pheebs, if you don’t tell him, soon he’s gonna be married, and then you’re gonna hate yourself.
Phoebe: Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he’s gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can’t.  But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Ross and Joey: No-no-no-no-no. 
Phoebe: Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
Ross and Joey: No.
Phoebe: Okay, I’m gonna go get Frank. 
Joey: So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes,” remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, “Nah, let’s just hang out at your place.” Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.


[Date: March 14, 1997, Session #439]

Ross: All we’re saying is don’t rush into anything.
Joey: Yeah, come on, think about it. You’re 18, okay, she’s 44, when you’re 36, she’s gonna be 88.
Frank: What, you don’t think I know that?
Joey: Look, the point is, there’s a lot of women out there you haven’t even had sex with yet!
Ross: Yeah, he-he’s right, he’s right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you’re young, you’re-you’re weird, chicks dig that.
Frank: Okay, but isn’t sex better when it’s with one person that you really, really care about.
Joey: Yeah, in a poem maybe.
Ross: No the man’s right, that’s what I had with Rachel.
Frank: You don’t have it anymore?
Ross: No, I ah, I slept with someone else.
Frank: Okay, so wait, all right, so how does that make things better?
Ross: It didn’t.
Frank: Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I’ve got with Alice.
Joey: Now, wh-what, what is that like?
Frank: It’s so cool man, it’s so, it’s just ‘cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Ross: Yeah, yeah.
Joey:  Why can’t I find that?
Ross: Don’t ask me, I had it and I blew it!
Joey: Well, I want it!
Frank: You can have it!
Joey: I don’t know, maybe I can’t. I mean, maybe there’s something wrong with me.
Ross: Oh, no! No!
Frank: It’s out there man! I’ve seen it! I got it!!
Joey: Then you hold on to it!!
Frank: All right, man!!
Joey: All right, congratulations you lucky bastard! 


[Date: March 14, 1997, Session #440]

Phoebe:  You’re Frank’s best man?!
Joey: I couldn’t help it, there love is so pure.
Phoebe: Well then,  what about you?! Huh?!
Ross: I’m the ring bearer.


[Date: March 16, 1997, Session #441]

Rachel: Oh my God! The millionaire’s here!
Chandler:  Oh my God! 
Monica: Guys, please, I’m just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?
Chandler: Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
Monica: I know!!
Chandler: Okay, then get the lobster!
Monica:   Hey!
Pete: Hi.
Rachel: Hi!!
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Hi!
Joey: Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
Monica: And that’s why, I’m not inviting you in for a drink.  Bye.
All: Oh-no-no-no-no….
Rachel: Just one drink?!
Monica:  So, where do you want to go?
Pete: Hey, you like pizza?
Monica: Oh, that’s sounds great.
Pete: I know a great little place.


[Date: March 27, 1997, Session #442]

Pete: ...so y'know, that’s why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, ‘Wash my car.’ ‘Clean my room.’ It’s not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it’ll understand what you’re saying.
Monica: Oh, this is so great.
Pete: Yeah, it was.
Monica: All right then.  Bye.
Monica: Hello, people who do not live here.
All: Hi! Hello!
Monica: I gave you a key for emergencies!
Phoebe: We were out of Doritos.
Ross: Hey, how’d the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
Chandler: Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Monica: He’s great! I mean we have such a good time together! He’s so funny, and sooo sweet, and I’m not attracted to him at all!!
Ross: Still?!
Monica: Noo!! It’s driving me crazy. I mean every other way he’s like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
Chandler: Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
Monica: Two.
Chandler: Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
Joey:  Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! 
Ross: I guess he musta gotten the part in that play.
Monica and Phoebe: Oh.
Chandler: Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.


[Date: March 28, 1997, Session #443]

Joey: I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can’t do it, they’re all like-like laughing at me.
Ross:  Hello.
Chandler and Joey: Hey!
Ross: So Rachel called. Wants to see me. Going over in a minute.
Joey: Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
Ross: Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Chandler: It’s possible. You are very loveable, I’d miss you if I broke up with you.  I was just trying to be supportive.
Ross: Then be supportive like a guy.
Chandler:  If I broke up with you, I’d miss you.


[Date: March 28, 1997, Session #444]

Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: You ah, wanted to see me?
Rachel: Yeah. Ahh, here’s a box of your stuff. 
Ross: What?!
Rachel: Oh, y'know, it’s just like hats, and a shirt, and CD’s, just sort of stuff that you’ve left here.
Ross: What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
Rachel: No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it’s time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don’t’ you think?
Ross: Yes.
Rachel: Yeah?
Ross: Yes, I do.
Rachel: Good.
Ross: Yeah, I-I really do.  Hey! This-this was a gift?!
Rachel: Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
Ross: It’s still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
Rachel: Okay, all right, give me the mug! I’ll keep the mug.
Ross: No!! Y'know-y'know don’t do me any favours. In fact, where, where’s the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm,  Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I’d like that back too. Yes, I do.
Rachel: You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
Ross: I’m just trying to help you, move on.
Rachel: Oh, you are a petty man. You are a petty, petty....
Ross: Petty...
Rachel: Petty... 
Ross: Petty...
Rachel: Petty...
Ross: Petty...
Rachel: Small...
Ross: Small... 
Rachel: You are so just doing this out of spite.
Ross: Awwwahuh, no, no, no!!
Rachel: Huh?
Ross: I’m-I’m gonna wear this all the time! I love this shirt!! 
Rachel: You have not worn that T-shirt since you were 15!! It doesn’t even fit you anymore!
Ross: Oh, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah...
Rachel:  yeah-yeah-yeah!!
Ross: Oh-oh, okay, okay!  If you don’t mind I’m gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt.  You have a pleasant evening. 


[Date: March 29, 1997, Session #445]

Chandler: I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn’t matter, I still wind up with this little  cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It’s so annoying. Does it bug you?
Ross: You bug me.
Chandler: Is there any chance you didn’t see that?


[Date: March 29, 1997, Session #446]

Chandler: Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can’t just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You’re gonna get peep eye!
Ross: I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she’d say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
Chandler: You didn’t just break up.
Ross: Hey, it’s been like three weeks!
Chandler: You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Ross: Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I’m gonna kill myself, I swear. I can’t, I can’t watch this.  Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she’s going in.
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: She’s going in. Wait! He’s going in! He’s going in!! The door’s closed! I, I can’t see anything but the door closed!!
Chandler: And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
Ross: Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!
Chandler: Stop what?!
Ross: I don’t know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I’ll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
Chandler: No!! You can’t!!
Ross: Look, they must be stopped!
Chandler: I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!!  You are surprisingly strong!
Ross: I need juice! People need juice!!
Chandler: Look man!
Ross: People need juice!
Chandler: Listen to me!! 
Ross: Juice, I need...
Chandler: She’s moving on! Okay, if it’s not this guy, it’s gonna be somebody else! And unless you’re thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It’s over.
Ross: Yeah, okay.
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: It’s just I miss her so much.
Chandler: I know. 


[Date: April 10, 1997, Session #447]

Chandler: Wait a minute, wait. You’re telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn’t want you back?!
Joey: Yeah! Oh my God!  Is this what it’s like to be you?
Monica: Wow, you’re really crazy about her, huh?
Joey: Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we’re on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it’s like somebody’s ripping out my heart!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s so great to see you feeling like this!
Ross:  Hey!
All: Hey!
Ross: Monica, uh Dad called this morning and ah, Aunt Silvia passed away.
Monica: Yes!! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Ross: We were all pretty shaken up about it.
Phoebe: Wait, am I missing something though? ‘Cause I thought death was something that’s supposed to be sad, in a way.
Ross: Well ah, Aunt Silvia was, well not a nice person.
Monica: Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch!   And I’m sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Ross: You get the dollhouse.
Monica: I get the dollhouse!
Phoebe: Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Phoebe: No, just a barrel.
Monica: Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
Phoebe: Really?! Really?!
Monica: Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
Chandler: My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.


[Date: April 11, 1997, Session #448]

Monica: Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper’s a little faded, that’s okay. Carpet’s a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
Phoebe:  Hey!
Chandler: Hello.
Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It’s so beautiful.
Monica: I know!!!
Phoebe: So, I’m here, ready to play.
Monica: Okay.
Phoebe: I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha. 
Monica: What’s this?
Phoebe: That’s a dog, every house should have a dog.
Monica: Not one that can pee on the roof.
Phoebe: Well, maybe it’s so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
Chandler:  And is this in case the house sneezes?
Phoebe: No, no, that’s the ghost for the attic.
Monica: I don’t want a ghost.
Phoebe: Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you’ve got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Ross: Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
Phoebe: Okay, obviously you don’t know much about the U.S. government.
Rachel:  Hey!
All: Hello.
Rachel: I need to talk to you!
Ross: Sure, what’s up?
Rachel: Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
Ross: I-I know. Well if something comes up... 
Chandler: Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Rachel: Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Chandler: Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin’ out the Chan-Chan man!
Rachel:  That was  surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Chandler: Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I’ll do it.
Rachel: Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she’s gonna love me.
Phoebe:  Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh!  Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Monica: Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that’s it, that’s it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They’re not the right size, they’re not Victorian, and they just don’t go.
Phoebe: Okay,  fine. Come dinosaur, we’re not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Ross: Uh, Pheebs, while we’re hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don’t go, rrroof!
Phoebe: The little ones do.


[Date: April 12, 1997, Session #449]

Phoebe: Hey!
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Look everybody, look at my new dollhouse!!
Rachel: Wow!!
Phoebe: Look, look! 
Ross: Hey, what’s this?!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, it’s the slide instead of stairs. Watch this. 
Monica: It’s very interesting, Phoebe.
Rachel: What’s this?
Phoebe: The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
Ross: This is the coolest house ever!!
Phoebe: Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room? 
Rachel: All right!
Ross: I would!
Monica: Hey, guys, guys, did you see my new, china cabinet?!
Ross and Rachel: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Watch, watch. 
Ross and Rachel: Ooohhhh!!
Phoebe: And, and! 
Ross and Rachel: Ahhhh!!
Chandler:  Hey, my Father’s house does that!
Rachel:  O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
Chandler: Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there’s nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
Rachel: Hmm.
Chandler: Of course, I didn’t get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna’s such a big, dull dud!


[Date: April 14, 1997, Session #450]

Joey:  Hey.
Ross: Hi.
Joey:  Hey.
Ross: Hi.
Joey: Hey.
Ross: It’s a little early to be drinkin’.
Joey: No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
Ross: Ohhhhh!
Monica: You’re kidding?! That’s great!
Joey: Oh, it was so amazing. After the  love making...
Monica: Oh my.
Joey: Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming ‘cause, ‘cause her eyes keep going like this. 
Chandler:  I’m telling ya, Joanna’s got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, ‘This was fun. Let’s do it again sometime. I’ll give you a call.’
Rachel: Ohh, gee. I wonder why she thinks you’re going to call her?
Chandler: That’s what you say at the end of a date.
Rachel: You can’t just say, ‘Nice to meet you, good night?’
Chandler: To her face? Look it’s the end of the date, I’m standing there, I know all she’s waiting for is for me to say ‘I’ll call her’ and it’s just y'know, comes out. I can’t help it, it’s a compulsion.
Monica: Come on Rach, when a guy says he’s going to call, it doesn’t mean he’s going to call. Hasn’t it ever happened to you?
Rachel: Well, they always called.
Monica: Hmm, bite me.


[Date: April 14, 1997, Session #451]

Ross: Mon?
Monica:  I’m in the shower!
Ross: Oh, fire! There, there’s a fire! Fire!!


[Date: April 14, 1997, Session #452]

Ross: Sorry I ah, I scared you in there.
Monica: Oh, that’s okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.
Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe:  Hey!
Monica:  I tried to reach you at work. There’s....been a fire.
Phoebe: What?! Oh my...  Oh my God!! What happened?!
Ross: Well, we believe it originated here.  In the Aroma Room.
Phoebe: All right. Did everyone get out okay?
Monica: Well, the giraffe’s okay. And so is the pirate.
Phoebe: Ohh. What is this? 
Ross: No Phoebe, don’t look! You don’t want to see what’s under there!!
Phoebe:  Ohh, the-the Foster puppets!


[Date: April 17, 1997, Session #453]

Chandler:  Hey.
Joey: Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Chandler: Oh, so that’s why the priest threw holy water on me.  Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Joey: Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy’s theory. Okay?
Ross:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey.
Ross:  I’m gonna be on TV!!
Chandler: No way!
Ross: Yeah! They’re putting together this panel to talk about these fossils they just found in Peru and The Discovery Channel’s gonna film it!
Chandler: Oh my God! Who’s gonna watch that?!
Ross: Thanks. You ready to go?
Chandler: Yeah. 
Joey: Saw a girl with that vest.
Chandler: Thanks. 
Anchorwoman:  While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents.  Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won’t live to see the fourth of July.  Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Joey:  Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? ‘Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!


[Date: April 18, 1997, Session #454]

Monica: Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
Rachel: What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
Monica: I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica’s Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues.  But Pete’s just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Rachel: And you’re still not attracted to him at all?
Monica: Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can’t. I couldn’t even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
Rachel: Yeah, but Mon that’s totally different. He was you’re health teacher.
Monica: Oh, please.
Monica: What? Honey.
Rachel: Oh, I am, my side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
Monica: Oh God, I’m so sorry.
Rachel: I know.
Rachel: Ow!!
Monica: Oh God!
Ross:  Hey, you guys! Guess what?
Rachel:  Got a job on a river boat?
Ross: Y'know what I didn’t wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You’re not my girlfriend anymore so...
Rachel: Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
Ross: Right.
Rachel: Now that you’re on you’re own, you’re free to look as stupid as you like.
Ross:  You like it right?
Monica: Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders.  Ross! Ross! I’m kidding!
Rachel: Yeah, come here!
Monica: What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Rachel: Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Ross: Okay, good bye! 


[Date: April 20, 1997, Session #455]

Chandler: Okay, but this is the last time.  With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: How’s she doing?
Chandler: She?
Joey: Well yeah, don’t-don’t you think it’s a she?
Chandler: I don’t know.  I can’t tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Joey: Well, anyway, I got to go change, I’m ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.
Chandler: Excuse me?
Joey: What?
Chandler: I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Joey: Hey! Who was up from 2 o’clock this morning until 5 o’clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
Chandler: You don’t think I get up when you get up?
Joey: Ohhh, here it comes.
Chandler: Yes, here it comes! I’m stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don’t think so mister!
Joey: Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
Chandler: And you don’t think taking care of our chick is work?
Joey: That’s not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
Chandler: I know what you meant!!  You notice that ever since we got this chick, we’ve been fighting a lot more than we used too?
Joey: I don’t know, maybe we weren’t ready to have a chick.
Chandler: I’ll take her back tomorrow.
Joey: Do you think we’ll get our three bucks back?
Ross:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross:  Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think?  This blue suit, or this brown one?
Joey: Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
Ross: Really? 


[Date: April 20, 1997, Session #456]

Rachel:  Oww! 
Ross: Wow! That aspirin dance really works!
Rachel:  Oww!
Ross: Oh my God, is that still...
Rachel: I’m fine, I’m fine.
Ross: No you’re not.
Rachel: Yes I am!
Ross: Rach!
Rachel: Look, I’m fine. Watch.  Look at that.  Whoa-whoa!
Ross:  Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
Rachel: No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It’s a very big deal, there’s a lot of people there I have to meet.
Ross: And I’m sure you’re gonna make a big impression. Hi! I’m Rachel Green. It’s nice to meet you.  Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Rachel: Well, I will go to the hospital tomorrow, it’ll still be broken then.
Ross: Rach...
Rachel: But y'know, I could use a hand getting ready.
Ross: Rachel...
Rachel: Look, either help me or go.
Ross: Fine. I’ll go.
Rachel:  Okay, but before you go, could you help me first?
Ross:  Sure. I’ll help you.
Chandler:  Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!


[Date: April 20, 1997, Session #457]

Rachel:  Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Ross: Ohh. 
Rachel:  Okay. Let’s use this brush. 
Ross: Okay. This stuff?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: All right.
Rachel: Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
Ross: Oke-dokey. 
Rachel: Oh-ho!
Ross: Sorry.
Rachel: Hey! That’s just poking me in the eye!
Ross: Sorry, I’m sorry. Close, close, close...
Rachel: Okay, just sweep it.
Ross: I’m sweeping...
Rachel: Right.
Ross: Sweep, sweep....
Rachel: Okay, now make it even, ‘cause we don’t...
Ross: What? What?
Rachel: We don’t want it-it to be too much, we want it to be subtle.
Ross: No. No, y'know you don’t, you don’t wear enough of this.  What?
Rachel: Since when, since when do you think I don’t wear enough of this?
Ross: Well I, close your eyes, I just think you’re gonna like this a little better, ‘cause, close-close... 
Rachel: Blow it.
Ross:  Sorry. ‘Cause umm, I think this will make you a little more sophisticated.
Rachel: Sophisticated like a hooker?


[Date: April 20, 1997, Session #458]

Ross: There you go! Good enough for your party, huh?
Rachel: Sure.
Ross: Yep?
Rachel: Sure, I’ll just sit next to the trans-sexual from purchasing.
Ross: Okay, come on! All right, I gotta go! So good luck at the party. Okay?
Rachel: Oh wait, Ross, would you just stay and help me get dressed?
Ross:  Sure, okay.
Rachel: Okay. Okay, great! Umm, okay, just turn around.
Ross: What?
Rachel: I don’t want you to see me naked!
Ross: Rachel, I’ve seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
Rachel: Yeah, but that was different. Y’know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it’s weird.
Ross: Rach, y'know I can see you naked any time I want.
Rachel: What?
Ross: All I have to do is close my eyes. See?  Woo-hoo!!
Rachel: Ross! Stop that!
Ross: Ah, I’m sorry.
Rachel: Come on! I don’t want you thinking of me like that any more!
Ross: Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It’s one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend.  Oop, oh yeah!
Rachel: Stop it! Cut it out! Cut it out!
Ross: Okay, okay, I’m sorry, it will never happen...  Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I’m the king.
Rachel: Rosss...
Ross: Come on, would you grow up? It’s no big deal.
Rachel: All right.  Fine.
Ross: Yowzah!!!
Rachel: O-kay!! See what you did, I’m gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Ross: Aww, come on.
Rachel: That’s it.  Ow!!!
Ross: Oh my God!
Rachel: Oh-ow!
Ross: All right.
Rachel: Ow!
Ross: Look...
Rachel: Ow!
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: Ow!
Ross: Rach?
Rachel: Ow! Ow!
Ross: Easy. Easy. You have to go to the hospital. Okay?
Rachel: Okay, I do.
Ross: Okay.
Rachel: I really do.
Ross: Okay, I’m gonna get your coat and then I’ll-I’ll put you in a cab.
Rachel: Okay. Oh wait, wait-wait, you’re not gonna come with me?
Ross:  Of course I am. I just have to make a call.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Okay? 
Rachel: Thank you.  Oww!!!! God!
Ross:  What?! I wh-, what’s wrong?
Rachel: I’m sorry, I just can’t go to the hospital lookin’ like this.


[Date: April 20, 1997, Session #459]

Rachel: Okay, you’d tell me the truth. Right?
Ross: Rach, you can’t look fat in an x-ray.
Rachel: Okay.
Chandler: Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
Ross:  That’s a duck.
Chandler: That’s a bad duck!!!  How’d the thing go tonight, Ross?
Ross: Oh, it was, nah, well....
Rachel: What thing? What thing?
Ross: Nothing, ah there was this thing at the museum. Come on.  Easy.
Chandler:  Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! 
Rachel: What thing? What is this thing?
Ross: I was kinda, supposed to be on TV tonight for The Discovery Channel.
Rachel: Oh my God!
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Ross, why didn’t you tell me that?
Ross: Eh, ‘cause I knew that if I told you, you’d make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
Rachel: I cannot believe you.
Ross: What?
Rachel: That is the sweetest thing, I just....
Ross:  You should get some sleep.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: So, I’ll umm...
Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry I spoiled you’re evening.
Ross: No, that’s, no, as long as you’re okay. So I’ll ah, I’ll see you tomorrow.
Rachel: Um-hmm, yeah.
Rachel:  See ya.
Chandler:  What did you do?


[Date: April 24, 1997, Session #460]

Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he’s at Flimby’s.
Rachel: What’s Flimby’s?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, that’s the word I use when I can’t remember the real thing.
Rachel: Okay. Hang up! That’s it! Come on!
Phoebe: No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don’t get through, they’re not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It’s us versus them!
Chandler: Ye-e-es!!
Joey:  Hey.
All: Hey.
Joey: Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
Chandler, Phoebe, and Rachel: I had one.
Monica: I need two. I’m bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Joey: Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Ross: Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
Monica: Really? Who’s number two?
Chandler: Who’s number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Ross: Uh, no, it’s-it’s just this person.
Phoebe: Like a date type  person?
Ross: Yeah, kinda. It’s this woman from work. I hope that won’t be too weird. Will it, Rach?
Rachel: No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so…
Joey: But you said one.
Rachel: I meant, me plus one!
Joey: Okay.  Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
Ross: All right, I’ll see you tonight.
Joey: Okay.
Rachel: Okay, bye-bye!
Chandler: Bye!
Monica: Bye-bye!
Rachel: Okay, I need a date! 
Joey: Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
All: Oh!
Joey:  And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?! It’s never gonna happen, she’s seeing somebody.
Chandler: Yeah, and I don’t have any cologne.
Joey: The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
Chandler: Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.


[Date: April 24, 1997, Session #461]

Ross: Hey, hey Rach!
Rachel: Oh, hi!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: How are you? 
Ross: Good.
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: So it’s looks like we’re the first ones here.
Rachel: Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
Ross: Yay!!
Rachel: Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.
Tommy: Hey.
Ross: Hey. Oh, I’m sorry, this is Cailin.
Ross: And! Break!!
Rachel: Okay, uhh, I think I’m going to run to the ladies room.
Tommy: Okay.
Cailin: I’ll join you.
Tommy: I’ll get our seats.
Ross: Okay.   So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is awkward.
Tommy: Yeah?
Ross: Well y'know ‘cause Rachel and I used to go out.
Tommy: Oh, I didn’t, I didn’t know that.
Ross: Oh! Well then this is awkward. So what do you uh…
Tommy: I think we’re here.
Ross: Oh! Yeah.
Tommy: Yeah.
Ross: Okay.  Uh, huh. Excuse me, I’m sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.
Man: Umm, no, I don’t think so.
Tommy: Can-can we take a look at your ticket?
Man: Sure. 
Ross:  Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh…
Man: Oh, well I thought that ah…
Tommy: Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you’re surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Man: Uh, the usher told us to come…
Tommy: Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!!  Here!   Hey man, you want the aisle?
Ross: No, I’m good. 


[Date: April 24, 1997, Session #462]

Chandler:  There he is!
Monica: There’s our star!
Joey: So, so, what’d ya think?
Chandler: Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Joey: I-I wasn’t in that.
Chandler: I know.
Joey:  Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
Monica: Hi!
The Director:  Excuse me. Excuse me.  Sweetheart!  Come! 
Chandler: So that’s the girl you like.
Joey: Yeah.
Ross:  I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he’s baaad news!
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don’t like the guy Rachel’s dating? Well, that’s odd.
Joey: Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s understudy, Lauren.
Rachel: Oh, hi!
Lauren: Hey.
Rachel: Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
Lauren: Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
Cailin: So. How’d you guys meet?
Pete: Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Monica: Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Estelle: Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
Joey: Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Estelle: How do you do.  Ooh, you two girls were outstanding!  Did they have representation?
Joey: No, they-they weren’t in the play.
Rachel: We’re not actors.
Estelle: Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face  and her chest  I could really put something together.
Chandler: Could I borrow it?
Cailin:  Hi! Remember me?
Ross: Hi! Yeah! Tommy’s in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he’s gonna snap. 
Cailin: Ross, I’m gonna go.
Ross: Go? Why?
Cailin: I don’t know. Could be because I don’t feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross: But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Cailin: Good bye Ross.
Ross: Uh, oh-ho bye.
The Director:  Here we go people!  Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la… Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Joey: Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
The Director: Kate Miller’s awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable.  Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is…  Thank you, boys and girls, you’ve ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother’s crab cakes!  Excuse me!!
Joey: Anyone mind if I save this?


[Date: April 25, 1997, Session #463]

Gunther:  This is from the woman at the bar.
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho-ho.
Gunther: Sorry. She thought you were somebody else.
Rachel: What time is it?
Monica: One.
Ross: One.
Chandler: 7:15.  Watch doesn’t work.
Rachel: Tommy’s supposed to be here soon, we’re going to lunch.
Ross: Look. Look, I wasn’t going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don’t think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
Rachel: You don’t?!
Ross: No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
Rachel: Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
Ross: No, it’s not just ‘cause I’m jealous.  I mean I’m not, I’m not, I’m not jealous, okay? It’s… Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Chandler: Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like,  banging his hands together!
Ross: Okay, fine, fine. You don’t want to believe me? No, that’s fine. 
Monica: We’re kidding!
Chandler: Ross, don’t. Ross!
Monica; Ross!
Ross: You don’t want to believe me, I’m Mr. Funny to you. Mr. Funny… 
Tommy: Whoa!!
Ross: Whoa, sorry Tommy.
Tommy: What’s in the cup, Ross?
Ross: Umm…
Tommy: What is in the cup?!
Ross: Okay, it’s coffee.
Tommy: Ice coffee? Tell me it’s ice coffee!
Ross: It’s-it’s hot…
Tommy: Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?!
Rachel:  What’s your favourite thing about summertime?
Monica: Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Rachel: Yeah…
Tommy:   Hey!
Rachel: Tommyyyy! Say, what’s your favourite thing about summer?
Tommy: Ooh, I don’t know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.
Chandler: Ohh, that’s a good one.


[Date: April 25, 1997, Session #464]

Tommy: Hey, mind if I use the phone?
Phoebe: Oh, I… 
Chandler: Why don’t you use ours across the hall, ‘cause she…has…problems.
Ross:  Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
Tommy: Yeah, but you didn’t.
Ross: No, but it’s-it’s-it’s hot!
Rachel: Ross, would you just stop it! It’s getting really old.
Ross: I can’t believe no one believes me!
Phoebe: I do, I believe you.
Ross: You do Pheebs?
Phoebe: Yeah. But I also believed her  when she said I was next.
Tommy:  Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I’m so cute, I’m a little chick who’s disgusting! God, you’re so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!!   Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Chandler: Step away from the duck.
Tommy: Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand!   Well, I guess we’re not going out anymore. Whaa!!!


[Date: April 25, 1997, Session #465]

Monica: Phoebe, it’s been two days.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it’s one of those 801 numbers. Right?
Ross: Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
Phoebe: No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it’s has to be 800.  ‘Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one.  Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Rachel: Phoe-be!!
Phoebe: Sorry, I’m so sorry, I will pay you back.
Chandler: And yet, she’s still not hanging up the phone.
All: Hang it up! Hang up the phone!!
Phoebe: Fine! Fine!  Oh-oh!
Monica: What?
Phoebe: Well, I think I broke it. But that’s all right, here’s the number you can call.
Monica:  Oh.

[Date: May 1, 1997, Session #466]

Joey: Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
Chandler: Or... Dick.
Ross:  Hey.
Chandler and Joey: Hey.
Ross: Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
Chandler: Was it like a sneeze only better?
Ross: No, no, I mean, I mean a thing on my body.
Joey:  What was it?
Ross: Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out. 
Chandler and Joey: Whoa!!!
Chandler: No!!
Ross: Come on you guys, it's no big deal! 
Chandler: Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!!  Huh.
Ross: Well what is it? Is it a mole? 
Joey: No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.
Ross: Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
Chandler: No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a…
Rachel:  Hey guys! What's... 
Chandler: Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.
Ross: Ahhh.
Joey: Yeah, right.


[Date: May 1, 1997, Session #467]

Phoebe:  Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music. 
Vince: Good deal.
Phoebe: Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
Rachel: Hi!
Chandler: Hey!
Vince: Hey!
Phoebe: Vince is a fireman.
Rachel: Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
Vince: 98 hot saves, highest in the force.
Chandler: Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Vince:  Fire safety is not a joke, son.
Chandler: You're right, I know.
Vince:  Look, I gotta go. I'm on call tonight.  See you Saturday. 
Phoebe: Okay. 
Rachel: Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Phoebe: Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Rachel: What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
Phoebe: I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Joey: So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Phoebe: Does a dog's lips move when he reads?  Okay, no they don't.
Ross:  Hey guys!
Joey: Hey.
Rachel: Hi!
Joey:  Well?!
Chandler:  Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
Ross: Well, he said there's definitely nothing to worry about, it's totally benign.
Joey: Well what is it?!
Ross: He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
Chandler: Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Ross: At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Joey: Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Ross:  Yeah, that'd be cool!
Monica: Pete's breaking up with me.
All: What?!
Monica: I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Rachel: And?
Monica: Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
Joey: Whoa, that doesn't necessarily mean that he's breaking up with you.
Monica: Really?!
Joey: Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.


[Date: May 2, 1997, Session #468]

Ross: Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Dr. Rhodes: Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here.  What are you doing?
Ross: Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.
Dr. Rhodes: Well that's not a third nipple.
Ross: No?
Dr. Rhodes: First of all, it's on your ass.
Ross: Well then, what is it?!
Dr. Rhodes: Wait a minute, hold it.  Johnson! Will you come in here a moment?
Dr. Johnson: I'm with Hamilton!
Dr. Rhodes: He's good with rear things, bring him in too.


[Date: May 2, 1997, Session #469]

Ross: Y'know I have dinner plans!!
Dr. Rhodes: Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
All: Whoa. 


[Date: May 2, 1997, Session #470]

Monica: Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights!  Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away!  Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Ross: Yes, and the dimmer switch.
Joey: Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
Monica: No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
Chandler:  I-kea! This is comfortable.
Rachel:  This place is amazing.
Phoebe: God, that is the nicest kitchen.
Monica: I know.
Phoebe: No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
Joey: Look at this! A millionaire's checkbook.
Monica: Joey, put that down!  Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone! 
Pete: Monica? 
Monica: I guess that's how.
Pete: Hey Monica, how's it going.
Monica: Oh it’s umm, good! It's umm, it’s good, just here watering the plants.
Pete: Well don't forget that fiches over there by Rachel.
Rachel:  Ahh... Chandler's on the couch!!
Pete: I see him, you guys are just the worst hiders ever.
All:  Hey Pete.
Joey: Hi, how ya doing?
Monica: Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Pete: Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call.   Hey, how's it going?
Monica: Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Pete: Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here.  Yeah.  Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later.  Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Monica: Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Pete: Okay, I love you.
Monica: I love you.
All: I love you, love you.
Monica: Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
Chandler: So, what do you thing the good news is?
Joey:  Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design.  Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Monica: Oh my.
Rachel: Monica's gonna marry a millionaire!!!
Ross: Hey, you gotta get Mom on the phone. Call Mom! Call Mom!
Pete's Mom: Hello.
Monica: And that's Pete's Mom.


[Date: May 2, 1997, Session #471]

Rachel: Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, “Look how much money we’ve got!” Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it’ll be dry, but people will like it.
Monica: Would you stop? We’ve only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don’t even know if he’s gonna propose.
Chandler: Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He’s not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that’s like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Monica: Well if-if that’s what it is, then it’s-it’s crazy.
Ross: Monica’s right. We’re talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can’t just rush into this.
Rachel: Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
Phoebe: All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Chandler: Oh, so you’re going with the teacher, huh?
Phoebe: Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it’s just Jason’s so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it’s just better than having just like a really, really, really nice  butt.   Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
All: Good luck!
Rachel: OH MY GOD!!!  Sorry, I was just imagining what it’d be like to catch the money bouquet.


[Date: May 3, 1997, Session #472]

Phoebe:  I’m telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
Ross: Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don’t want to make it savory.
Monica: Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
Ross: Gimme this. 
Rachel:  Hi! Okay, don’t be mad at me, but I couldn’t resist.
Monica: Brides magazines?
Rachel: Yes, and I know that you’d say no if he asked you, but I’m sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin. 
Phoebe:  Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway.  Like for clubbing.
Monica: It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes.  I know it’s a little sudden, and it’s a little rushed, and it’s totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn’t mean I can’t. Right? I mean I’m-I’m crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Rachel: Oh my God. 
Monica: I know.  I need more pie. 
Phoebe: Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
Rachel: You didn’t break up with that fireman?
Phoebe: No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he’s incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Rachel: Wow!
Phoebe: Yeah, well he’d prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
Monica: So then, are you going to dump Jason?
Phoebe: Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and… Okay so Jason is sensitive,  but now so’s Vince  Plus, Vince has the body y'know?  So… It’s really just about the math.


[Date: May 3, 1997, Session #473]

Guru Saj: You must be Ross.
Ross: Hi.
Guru Saj: I am Guru Saj. 
Ross: Listen, I got to tell you I’ve-I’ve never been to a guru before, so...
Guru Saj: Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I’ve attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let’s take a look at this skin abnormality of yours.  Come on, have a seat.  Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it’s a koondis!
Ross: What’s a koondis?
Guru Saj: I don’t know, what’s a koondis with you?  Please, lie down! I’ve got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Ross: I guess it’s worth a try.
Guru Saj: Oh sure, we should see results—Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!! 
Ross: What?! What?!
Guru Saj: We appear to have angered it.
Ross: We?! We angered it?!
Guru Saj: Oh, I think I see the problem. And I’m afraid we’re gonna have to use a much stronger tool.  Love.
Ross: Oh God!
Guru Saj:  Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to…
Ross: Ow!!
Guru Saj: Oops.
Ross: What was, what was that?
Guru Saj: Well it’s gone.
Ross: What?! How’s that?
Guru Saj: It got caught on my watch.
Ross: Hey! 


[Date: May 8, 1997, Session #474]

Chandler: Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving into town there’s-there’s like a sign, and it says “You’re in Sample.” 
Monica:  Hey.
All: Hey!
Rachel: How’d it go with Pete?!
Joey: Tell us!
Monica: You’re not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...
Billy Crystal: I’m sorry. Ex-excuse us. I’m sorry, it’s a little crowded. Do you mind if we... 
Robin Williams: Yeah, could you scooch?
Billy: Yeah, move over just a little bit.
Robin: Keep on scooching.
Monica: So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...
Robin: Why? Why?! What’s wrong with me?!
Billy: What’s the matter?
Robin: I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.
Billy: How do you know?
Robin: Well y'know, he’s got access.
Billy: Yeah.
Robin: Y'know it’s that feeling you get, y'know?
Billy: Like when you go bowling and you know you’re in somebody else’s shoes?
Robin: That’s the one.
Phoebe: All right, so, so you went to Pete’s...
Ross: What happened?
Monica:  I...
Robin: Why is this happening to me?! I don’t know, maybe it’s my wound.
Monica: Forget it. 
Billy: So it’s-it’s not heeled yet?
Robin: No-no, it’s ooozing, oozing.  Could you pass me the cream? Is there any—Oh, there’s the cream.
Billy: Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
Robin: What is it, Tim?
Billy: It’s me, I’ve been sleeping with your wife.
Joey:  So you’re the gynaecologist?
Billy:  Hey, I’m trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Robin:  Ooh,  Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin?  Would you--Give me this thing  all right!! Enough!  And you are no longer my friend! We are finished!  Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!!  Get away from me!!
Billy: Thomas, come back here! 
Phoebe: So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
Monica:  I have no idea.


[Date: May 8, 1997, Session #475]

Rachel: So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
Phoebe: No-no-no oh, keep your name, don’t take his name.
Monica: He didn’t ask me to marry him.
All: Ohh.
Phoebe: Well then definately don’t take his name.
Monica: He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
The Guys: Pete?!
Rachel: Why?! What is it?
Monica: I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling.
Phoebe:  Oh?!
Monica: Yeah, but without the costumes.
Phoebe:  Oh.
Joey: And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s two guys in a ring, and the rules are: “They’re are no rules.”
Monica: So you can like, bite, and pull people’s hair and stuff?
Ross: Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
Monica: What’s fish hooking?
Ross: Huh, what’s fish hooking...   Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
Joey: What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.


[Date: May 9, 1997, Session #476]

Ross:  That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six.  Thank you.   Yeah, we have the reservations.
Rachel: Yes!!
Chandler: All right buddy, way to go! 
Ross:  Dude, what are you doing?
Chandler: Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Phoebe: Yeesh, what’d you do about it?
Chandler: Well, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Monica: I gotta tell ya, I think it’s okay to be that guy.
Joey: Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns. 
Rachel: Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin’ her boob.
Chandler: Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em.
Monica: Okay, can we please go eat?
Joey: Yeah. What are we getting?
Monica:  Anything but stew.
Ross: All right so, Chandler, from now on, don’t give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don’t turn your back to him.
Joey: Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell.  Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Chandler:  What if Joey were president?
Phoebe: Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Rachel: Oh, ah with who?
Phoebe: Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you’re not cool with it...
Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Phoebe: You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Rachel: Oh!  That’s fine.
Phoebe: Great! Okay, good for you! 


[Date: May 12, 1997, Session #477]

Ross:  Hey!
Monica: God Ross, what is that?
Ross: Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
Announcer: From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
Monica: I love you, Pete!!!
Announcer: And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Monica:  Pete! Pete!! That guy’s pretty huge!
Pete: Don’t worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent’s strength and weight against him.
Ross: Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
Ross: All right! You go get him! Let’s go!
Referee: Here we go gentlemen, here we go!  Are you ready?   Are you ready?  Let’s get it on!!
Pete: Uh-oh.


[Date: May 13, 1997, Session #478]

Monica:  Hey.
Ross: Hey! How long until Pete’s fight?
Monica: Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Ross: Hot dog?
Monica: Four, please.  I’m really nervous.  Thank you. 
Phoebe: So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?
Ross: What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn’t expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn’t expecting to like anyone right now, but she’s really terrific.
Phoebe: Ohh, that’s too bad!
Ross: No, I-I’m saying I liked her.
Phoebe: Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.
Ross: Pheebs, I think she’s great. Okay? We’re going out again.
Phoebe: Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Chandler:  Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger?
Ross: Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
Joey:  Hey, the fight’s starting!
Ross: Okay, we’ll be right in.  So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Chandler: Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Joey:  Fight’s over!


[Date: May 15, 1997, Session #479]

TV Announcer: Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he’s just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...
Chandler: Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
Rachel: Oh, I can’t watch this. 
Joey: Check it out, he’s winning!  Pete’s winning!
Monica: Really?!
Joey: No-o-o!!
TV Announcer: Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area.
All: Oh! Oh! 
Phoebe: Wait, if that’s his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
Ross: Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn’t want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can’t.
All: Ohh!! 

[Date: May 16, 1997, Session #480]

Chandler:  So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
Bonnie: All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don’t know, we were, we were making out.
Chandler: Tell it again.  Seriously.
Rachel:  I mean is that woman capable of talking about anything else but sex?
Joey: Yeah, sure. Well y'know, earlier she was talking about geography.
Monica: Joey, she was listing the countries she’s done it in.
Joey: Well, I think we all learned something.
Phoebe:  Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this!  That’s my Mom’s writing! Look.
Chandler:  Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965.
Phoebe: Y'know what that means?
Joey: That you’re actually 50?
Phoebe: No-no, that’s not, that’s not me Phoebe, that’s her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F.  Best Friends Forever.
All: Oh!
Rachel: That is so cool.
Phoebe: I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
All: Yeah! Yeah, we can!
Bonnie:  Shoot! I can’t go, I have to work!
Ross: That’s too bad.
Rachel:  Ohh, big, fat bummerrr.
Phoebe: So great! Okay! Tomorrow we’re gonna drive out to Montauk.
Joey: Hey, Bonnie had sex there!


[Date: May 17, 1997, Session #481]

Monica:  Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
Chandler: You’re not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Monica:  Thanks!
Chandler: Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I’ll be your boyfriend.
Monica: Yeah right.
Chandler: Why is that so funny?
Monica: You made a joke right? So I laughed.
Chandler: Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Monica: Well, no. You’re Chandler. Y'know, Chandler! 
Chandler: Okay, so we’ve established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren’t friends, say it’s a blind date. I show up at your door, and I’m like  “Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey.”
Monica: Well I’d probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Joey:  Hey!
Monica: Oh, hey! Oh good, you brought food!
Joey: No, it’s just my luggage.
Chandler, Monica, and Joey: Hey!!
Joey: Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
Phoebe: Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Ross: Yeah? What about ah, that bike messenger you hit?
Phoebe: Oh, I wasn’t talking about his karma.
Rachel:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hey-hey, check out the hat!
Chandler: What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can’t have children!!
Monica: Seriously, where did you get the hat?
Rachel: Ross gave it to me.
Ross: Yeah, I think she looks good.
Rachel: Ohh, thank you.
Chandler: Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
Rachel: Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
Phoebe: And this time, they’ve ganged up to form one giant, super hat.


[Date: May 17, 1997, Session #482]

Ross: Go, go, go!
Rachel: Oh yeah, now everybody wants to be under this hat!
Phoebe: Oy!!
Monica: What’s with all this sand? 
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.
Ross: Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.


[Date: May 17, 1997, Session #483]

Joey:  Hey, y'know what a really good rainy day game is?
Monica: What?!
Joey: I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.
All: No, no!
Monica: What are you crazy?!
Joey: Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it’s like a law!
Rachel:  Allll done!
Monica: Aww, thank you.
Rachel: Okay, who’s next?! 
Ross: No-o-o!  No way!
Rachel: Come on, please?! I’m boredddd! You let me do it once before.
Ross: Yeah well, if ah, if that’s the rule this weekend...  No!
Rachel: Yes! 
Ross: Get away!
Rachel: Just once!
Ross: Stay away!
Rachel: Take it like a man, Ross!
Ross:  No!  No!
Rachel: Oh, come on!
Chandler: Big bullies!!
Ross: Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
Phoebe:  Oh, hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, so, how are we doing?
Chandler: Bored and bored!
Joey: Hey, you know what naked card game is never boring?
All: Noo!!
Monica:  So what’s Phoebe like?
Phoebe: I’m kind, caring, and sweet. What’s Monica like?
Monica: Ah no, the other Phoebe, the one you went to go see.
Phoebe: Ohh, I think she knows where my Dad is.
Joey: What?
Rachel: Really?!
Monica: Oh well, where is he?!
Phoebe: She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn’t heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look ! Isn’t this what he would look like now?
Monica:  Totally familiar. 
Rachel: Oh, yeah.
The Guys: Yeah!
Monica: Well, why would she lie to you?
Phoebe: I don’t know, but we’re having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she’s gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don’t know! So, you’re all bored?
All: Ohh!!
Chandler: Yes!
Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it.
Joey: Okay, all right.
Phoebe: Okay.
Joey: Fan out! Fan out!
Phoebe: Okay.  Ooh, y'know we could just do this. 
Chandler: Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
Joey:  OH YES!!!!!
Monica: Strip Happy Days Game?
Joey: Yeah, well, I couldn’t find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Ross: Okay,  Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Phoebe: Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn’t happened yet, but we’re all very excited.
Ross: Okay, come on!  Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department!   Okay.  Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let’s see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
The Girls: Woo-hooooo!!!!
Joey: All right, relax. It’s just a shoe.
All: Wooooo!!!!
Rachel:  Okay, your band is playing at Arnold’s, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey’s boxers!
Joey: Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
Phoebe: Come on, take ‘em off!!
Joey: Actually, y'know it’s kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
Rachel:  All right, I’m gonna make more margaritas! 
Ross: Whoa, hey! What are doing? Trying to get me drunk?
Rachel: I’m just making margaritas.
Ross: Okay.
Monica: I think I’ll help her out.   What is going on here?
Rachel: What?!
Monica: You painting his toenails?
Rachel: Oh, come on!
Monica: Chasing him all around the room?
Rachel: Monica, please?
Monica: He’s totally flirting with you too.
Rachel:  He is, isn’t he? I don’t know, I don’t know, I mean maybe it’s just being here at the beach together or, I don’t know. But it’s like something... 
Bonnie: Hey!
Ross: Hey!  Hi Bonnie!
Bonnie: Hi! My boss let me off early, so I took the train.
Ross: Oh.
Bonnie: What are you guys doing?!
Joey: We’re playing Strip Happy Days Game!
Bonnie: Cool! I’ll catch up! 


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #484]

Chandler: So, you still don’t think I’m boyfriend material?
Monica: Huh?
Chandler: I saw you checking me out during the game last night.
Monica: You didn’t even take off your pants.
Chandler: Yeah, well, lucky for you.
Monica: What?
Chandler: I don’t know.
Rachel:  Well! Is everybody else having just the best time?!
Phoebe: Shhh! Shhhh! Joey’s asleep.
Phoebe: After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Rachel: Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn’t up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, I don’t know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Ross: Good morning.
All: Hey.
Bonnie: Hey! How did everybody sleep?
Rachel: Oh, great.
Monica: Like a log.
Ross and Bonnie: Us too.
Rachel: I’m going for a walk.
Ross:  Good morning. Nice breasts by the way.


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #485]

Joey: What’s the matter, Pheebs?
Phoebe: She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!
Joey: What?!
Phoebe: Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She’s avoiding me, she doesn’t want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won’t tell me.
Rachel: Aww Pheebs, that sucks!
Phoebe: Yeah, well, don’t “Aww Pheebs, that sucks!” me yet. 
Chandler: Where ya going?
Phoebe: Well, she’s out of town so, there’s gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
Ross: Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.
Phoebe: Well, are any of those people here?!
All: Oh, no!! No, no!
Phoebe: Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I’ll-I’ll fill her ice trays.
Bonnie: Hey, everybody!
All: Wow!! 
Ross: Wh-haa-haa! Look what ‘cha did! 
Bonnie: You wanna touch it?
Ross: Nooo, but it, but it’s great.
Bonnie: Come on, touch it!
Ross: Okay.  You can feel all the bones in your skull.


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #486]

Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that’s right, that’s right, it was you!
Rachel: That was her idea, I just gave her a nudge.
Ross: She said you gave her the razor!
Bonnie:  Hey guys.
Rachel: Hey!
Bonnie: So, anyone up for a midnight dip in the ocean?
Ross: Ahh, no, I’m good.
Bonnie: Okay, I’ll see you in a bit.
Ross: Okay, have fun! Wooo!!
Rachel: Come on see, she doesn’t look that bad.
Ross: You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
Rachel: I don’t know.
Ross: You don’t know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
Rachel: All right! Ross, do you think it’s easy for me to see you with somebody else?
Ross: Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?
Rachel: Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
Ross: You still love me?
Rachel: Noo.
Ross: You still love me.
Rachel: Oh, y-yeah, so, you-you love me!
Ross: Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Rachel: Noo! Maybe! I, I don’t know. Ross, I still can’t forgive you for what you did, I can’t, I just, but sometimes when I’m with you I just, I feel so...
Ross: What?!
Rachel: I just, I feel, I-I just...
Ross: What?
Rachel: I feel...
Chandler:  Noo!! I don’t care! I’m not, I’m not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
Joey: But I made cards!!
Rachel: Well! Good night.  I’m going upstairs.
Joey and Chandler: G’night.
Joey:  Wanna play strip poker for practice?


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #487]

Joey: I’m telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
Ross: That’s not true! Her, she doesn’t even know what she wants! Rachel’s still mad about the whole thing.
Chandler: Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don’t need that kind’ve hurt. Take it from a guy who’s never had a long term relationship......
Ross: I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!
Bonnie:  Hey!
Chandler: Ahhhh! 
Bonnie: You guys, the water’s great. You should really go in.
Chandler: Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&M.
Bonnie: Okay, well g’night.
Ross: Good night.
Bonnie:  Don’t be too long.
Ross: Okey-dokey!
Chandler: There is not one hair on that head.
Ross: Hey, it’ll grow back, right? And she-she’s really fun, and she’s cool, and-and I’m finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I’m finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn’t work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Joey: So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you’re doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: Right, and you go with Rachel, Bonnie’s free tonight?


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #488]

Ross:  Hi. 


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #489]

Ross:  Hi!
Rachel and Bonnie: Hi!
Bonnie: Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all sunburned.
Ross: Awww.
Bonnie:  Thanks a million.
Rachel: Oh, you’re welcome a million.
Bonnie:   Okay, I’ll see you in our room.
Ross: Yeah. 
Rachel:  Oh my God.
Ross: I know.
Ross:  Okay, I gotta go.
Rachel: Whoa! What?! Why?!
Ross: Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
Rachel: Here?! Now?!
Ross: Well, yeah. I can’t-I can’t stay here all night, and if I go in there she’s-she’s gonna wanna... do stuff.
Rachel: Well, can’t you tell her that you are not in the mood?
Ross: No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
Rachel:  Whoa-ho.
Ross: Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
Rachel: I don’t know.
Ross: Yeah, yeah.  It wasn’t every morning.
Rachel: Oh, making it worse!
Ross: Okay.


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #490]

Ross: It’s over.
Rachel: Oh, was it awful?
Ross: Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on her head.  Anyway, she didn’t want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
Rachel: I wrote you a letter.
Ross: Ohh! Thank you! I like mail. 
Rachel:  It’s just some things I’ve been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Ross: Okay.  Wow, it’s-it’s 5:30 in the morning.  So, I’d better get cracking on this baby.
Rachel: Well, I’ll be waiting for you, just come up when you’re done.
Ross: Okay, I’ll be up in,  18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #491]

Ross: Oh.  Oh-oh. 
Rachel:  Hey!  What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?
Ross: Done!
Rachel: You just finished?
Ross: Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Rachel: So umm, does it?
Ross: I’m sorry.
Rachel: Does it?
Ross: Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ‘Does it?’ part just another glance.
Rachel: What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn’t, and if you have to even think about it...
Ross:  No, Rach, no. I don’t, I don’t, I don’t have to think about it, in fact, I’ve decided, I’ve decided that, that it.......does.
Rachel: Are you sure?
Ross: Oh, sure! I’m sure.
Rachel: I know. 


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #492]

Phoebe: Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here!  Oh. Are you? Are you?!!  Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie.  But for you, yay! Ohh.
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: How was the beach?
Monica: Nothing, I don’t know.
Ross: What happened?
Monica: Nothing. I’m gonna take a shower.
Chandler: Me too!!
Joey: Me too.
Phoebe: Okay, I’m gonna put this  in the car.
Rachel: Ooh, I have to go pack.  It really does?
Ross: It does. It really and truly does.
Ross:   It so does not!!!


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #493]

Ross: She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her!   WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Chandler: Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I’m gonna break up with you!
Ross: Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here,  “If you accept full responsibility...”  Full responsibility! “...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do.  Does it?!!”
Joey: No?
Chandler: Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Ross:  Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you’re right. Yeah I guess I’ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
Joey: Sure, it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never,  ever talk about.
Ross: What the hell happened on that beach?!
Joey: It’s between us and the sea, Ross!


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #494]

Monica: Pass the cheese, please.
Monica: My God, you can’t even look at me! Can you?
Joey: Nope.
Chandler:  Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
Phoebe: No. I’m-I’m to depressed to talk.
Chandler: I’ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
Ross:  Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
Chandler, Monica, and Joey: NO!!!
Rachel: All right, that’s it, you guys! What happened out there?
Monica: What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
Ross and Rachel: Come on!
Ross: What happened? Joey?
Joey: All right. 
Monica:  No! Joey, we swore we’d never tell!
Chandler:  They’ll never understand!
Joey: Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
Monica:  All right!! All right.  I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn’t stand. I-I couldn’t walk.
Chandler:  We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn’t think we could make it. 
Monica: I was in too much pain.
Joey: And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
Chandler: And then Joey remembered something.
Joey: I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Ross: Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
Phoebe and Rachel: Ewwww!!
Monica: You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn’t...bend that way. So... 
Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel:  Ewwww!!
Joey: That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Chandler:  Joey kept screaming at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Joey:  That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #495]

Rachel: Oh-hooo, I missed you.
Ross: I missed you too.
Rachel: Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?
Ross:  I suppose.
Rachel: You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”
Ross:  Umm-hmm.
Rachel: Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ross:  WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Chandler:   Coffee house?
Monica: You bet.
Ross: And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
Rachel: Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
Ross: I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!
Rachel: What?!!
Ross: I fell asleep!
Rachel: You fell asleep?!
Ross: It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!!   Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means ‘you are,’ Y-O-U-R means ‘your!’
Rachel: Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Ross:  FINE BY ME!! 
Rachel: Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you’re at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Monica: Hey!!
Rachel:  Sorry!!  I just feel bad about all that sleep you’re gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Ross: Oh, no-no-no don’t you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Rachel: And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!


[Date: July 12, 1997, Session #496]

Chip:  Hey Monica, it’s Chip.
Monica: Yesss!!
Ross: Who’s Chip?
Monica: Shhh!
Chip:  Good runnin’ into you at the bank today, so ah, here’s my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
Monica: Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Ross: The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Monica: ‘Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Ross: Monica, you’re so lucky! He’s like the most popular guy in school!!
Monica: I know!!   Chip? Hi! It’s Monica.  ‘Kay.  ‘Kay.  Okay.  Okay, good-bye.  Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!! 
Ross:  I was just leaving.
Rachel: Good! ‘Cause I’ve got a product report to read, it’s like eight pages, I hope I don’t fall asleep.
Ross: Why? Did you write it?
Rachel:  Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
Ross: Well ah, actually...
Rachel:  I bet he sensed that I was ready to have sex with another guy.
Ross: Well, umm, why don’t you give him a call?
Rachel: Okay.  Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Ross: Oh, I’m sure.
Rachel:  Chip! Hi, it’s Rachel.  Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message.  Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down.  Monica Geller.  Ohh.
Ross:  Oh, that’s right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that’s gotta be embarrassing!


[Date: July 12, 1997, Session #497]

Phoebe:  ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!!   Thank you, thanks.
Ross:  Hey, here’s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Chandler: Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Ross: I’m reading your ad.
Joey: Looks good, uh?
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler:  Stunning entertainment center. Fine,  fine Italian craftsmanship. 
Phoebe: Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Rachel: Why? I love that thing.
Chandler: You want it?
Phoebe and Rachel: Oh no.
Chandler: Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Joey: Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
Chandler: All right look, I’m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Joey: What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
Chandler:  Nooo.
Joey: Oh. What do you do?
Chandler: I can’t believe you don’t know what I do for a living!
Phoebe: Yeah, I actually don’t know...
Ross: Good, so do I
Rachel: Something to do with numbers?
Phoebe: Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you!  Come on. Crazy.  Oh my God.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Nothing. Nothing.
Joey: What? What’s wrong?
Phoebe: I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
Rachel: You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
Phoebe: No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Ross: Are you sure she’s in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma’s glycoma medicine again?
Phoebe: No Dr. Skeptismo! I’m sure. First of all, okay, there’s the feeling.  Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt.  My Mother’s favourite fish is Orange Roughy...  Cats....like....fish!   Hi, Mommy.  Oh, I haven’t seen this smile in 17 years!
Joey:  Dude, Phoebe’s mom has got a huge peni...
Chandler:  Let it go!!


[Date: July 19, 1997, Session #498]

Ross: So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Joey: Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don’t think any of them are gonna work out.
Chandler: Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Phoebe:  Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Ross: So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Phoebe: Well, I’m not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there’s y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she’s worried that y'know, she’s gonna, she’s gonna be replaced.  Well, that’s not gonna happen is it? Noo.  Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Monica: Why can’t you use the phone in here?
Phoebe: Well, I’m returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. 
Ross: So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe’s mom remind anyone of a cat?
Monica: Ross, don’t start.
Ross: Come on, you-you can’t tell me you actually believe that-that there’s a woman inside that cat!
Rachel: I believe it.
Ross: No you don’t.
Rachel: Yes, I do.
Ross: No you do—y'know what, you’re not gonna suck me into this.
Rachel: Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.
Ross: I do not always have to be—okay, okay. 
Rachel: Jurassic Park could happen.


[Date: July 19, 1997, Session #499]

Rachel:  You guys, you’re never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole!  Look kinda familiar?
Ross:  Apparently Phoebe’s mother also goes by the name Julio.
Rachel: You guys, there’s a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
Joey:  Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!
Rachel: Do we have to tell her?
Ross: Yes, we have to tell her!
Monica: Oh, but it’s made her so happy.
Ross:  Little girl misses her cat.  Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat.  Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
All:  Yeah.
Ross: Thank you.
Rachel: I hate when Ross is right!
Monica: He is right, isn’t he?
Chandler: Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he’s wrong.
All: You think?
Chandler: Oh-no, he’s right.


[Date: July 19, 1997, Session #500]

Rachel: Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Joey:  Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Monica:  Oh my God! What happened?
Chandler: Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Rachel:  So, how was your date?
Monica: Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Rachel: Um-hmm.
Monica: Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
Rachel: Oh honey, I’m sorry.
Monica: No, it’s okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Rachel: Ohh! That’s so great!
Monica: I know!
Ross:  Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Chandler: Oh, they said uh, “You don’t have insurance here, so stop calling us.”
Ross:  You didn’t tell her?!  Okay, fine! Pheebs?
Phoebe: Yeah?  Hi!
Ross: Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Rachel: I’m sorry, sweetie. 
Monica: Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
Phoebe: Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Rachel: That’s a good call. Right.
Ross: No! No! Look—Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Phoebe:  Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Ross: None.
Phoebe: Okay, then you don’t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I’m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Ross: I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Okay.
Ross: I don’t know what to say.
Rachel: You could.... say you’re sorry to her mom.
Phoebe: I think she would like that.
Ross:  Come here, here, come here, come here,  Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend’s mother.
Phoebe: Thank you. We both forgive you.
Rachel: So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you’re welcome to come back anytime.
Chandler: Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we’d really appreciate it. 
Phoebe: Come on, Mom, I’ll take you home.
Rachel: I’ll go with you.
Monica: Me too. 
Ross: Oh! Y'know, I’ve got an extra futon.
Joey: Dude, you don’t have to brag! We got nothing here!!


[Date: August 12, 1997, Session #501]

Monica:  How desperate am I?
Rachel: Oh! Good thing Chandler’s not here, he always wins at this game.
Monica: I just told my Mom I’d cater a party for her.
Phoebe: How come?
Monica: Because I need the money, and I thought that it’d be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
Ross: Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don’t think Mom would’ve hired you if she didn’t think you were good at what you do.
Monica: You don’t have to stick up for her. She can’t here you.


[Date: August 19, 1997, Session #502]

The Salesman:  Good afternoon, are you the decision maker of the house?
Joey: Uhhhh. 
The Salesman: Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?
Joey: No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.
The Salesman: Actually, I’m not buying. I’m selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you’re not really sure what they’re talking about?
Ross: …I’m telling you it’s totally unconstituional.
Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Rachel: Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Monica: …I think he deserves a Nobel Prize. 
All: Nooo!! 
Chandler: …it was like the Algonquin kids table. 
The Salesman:  Excuse me, I’m sorry, you haven’t said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Joey: Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.


[Date: August 19, 1997, Session #503]

Chandler:  Hello.
Joey, Rachel, and Ross: Hey!
Monica:  Hello, Chandler. 
Chandler:  I love you. 
Joey: Wh-what’s going on?
Phoebe: Oh.
Joey: No he doesn’t!
Chandler:  Two hours, that lasted!
Rachel: So did you break up with Joanna?
Chandler: I think so.
Joey: Well, it’s good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
Ross: The volcano?
Joey: Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Rachel: What?!
Joey: Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Monica: Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Joey: Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Monica: Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? 
All: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe: Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Ross: With such a sad history.
Chandler: Could there be more Kims?


[Date: October 16, 1997, Session #504]

Joey: Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
Rachel: Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.
Joey: I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
Monica: Joey, please don’t do that. I think it’s best that we just forget about it.
Rachel: That’s easy for you to say, you weren’t almost just killed.
Joey: All right that’s it, school is in session! 
Monica:  My God! Is this a gym card?
Chandler: Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I’ve missed the last 1200 times.
Ross: So why don’t you quit?
Chandler: You don’t think I’ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Ross: Who is Maria?
Chandler: Oh Maria. You can’t say no to her, she’s like this lycra spandex covered gym…treat.
Ross: You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Chandler: No!
Ross: So you’re strong enough to face her on your own?
Chandler: Oh no, you’ll have to come.


[Date: October 16, 1997, Session #505]

Phoebe: Oh please, somebody tell me I don’t have to go to work today!
Monica: What’s the matter?
Phoebe: Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I’m not allowed to charge for.
Monica: So do them for free.
Phoebe: Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it’s against my oath as a masseuse.
Ross: They make you take an oath?
Phoebe: No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one’s actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Chandler: Why don’t you just give him to somebody else?
Phoebe: No, I can handle it. No, I’m a professional. 
Rachel: Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
Monica: Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Chandler: Because that’s the only part of you he can see when he’s on the table!
Monica: You’re gonna do some feet flirtin’!
Phoebe: I don’t what your talking about. 
Ross: Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Phoebe: Because it’s Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Rachel: Oh! My hero! What happened?
Joey: Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. 
Monica: What a minute, what did he say?
Joey: He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
Rachel: What?! You got us evicted!!
Monica: I told you not to go down there!
Joey: Well he made Rachel cry!
Monica: Rachel always cries!
Rachel: That’s not true! 
Monica: Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you’ve never sucked before!
Joey: All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Rachel: Go!!
Joey: All right, all right, all right.  I mean I’ll have to check with him first, but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. 


[Date: October 16, 1997, Session #506]

Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
Chandler: Yes.  Yes!
Ross: One more time, "Hey, don’t you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Chandler: No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Ross: Good! That’s good!
Chandler: Okay.   I wanna quit the gym.
Gym Employee: You wanna quit?
Chandler: I wanna quit the gym.
Gym Employee: You do realize that you won’t have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
Chandler:  I wanna quit the gym.
Gym Employee: Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters.  Uh, excuse me,  are you a member?
Ross: Me? No.
Gym Employee: Sorry, members only.
Chandler:  I wanna quit the gym.
Ross: It’s okay man, be strong. 
Gym Employee:  So, are you a member of any gym.
Ross: No! And I’m not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.
Gym Employee: Okay, no problem.  Could you come here for a second?
Woman: Hi, I’m Maria.


[Date: October 16, 1997, Session #507]

Monica: His dancing partner?!
Joey: Yeah, there’s this superintendent’s dance, the Super Ball. I don’t know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he’s a crush on.
Rachel: Well, why doesn’t he practice with a girl?
Joey: Well, he’s too shy, he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
Rachel: Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down that…garbage chute. 
Monica: Oh, would you let it go already?! You’re fine!
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: Hey! So, did you quit?
Chandler: No, I almost did, couldn’t leave Ross there without a spotter!
Monica: Wait, now so you joined the gym?
Ross: And that’s funny, why?
Rachel: Oh, umm, I was just y’know working out and umm… Oh, that’s it.
Chandler: We’re doomed. Okay, they’re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Monica: Well, you could actually go to the gym.
Ross: Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
Chandler: You’re a genius!
Joey: Aww, man, now we won’t be bank buddies!
Chandler: Now, there’s two reasons.
Phoebe:  Hey.
All: Hey!
Phoebe: Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
Rachel: Where?!
Phoebe: On the touchy.
Ross: And that’s not against your oath?!
Phoebe: No, I know! I-I’m sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
Monica: Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
Chandler: Thank you, Joey.
Joey: No-no, thank you.


[Date: October 17, 1997, Session #508]

Ross: Hello.
Chandler: Hi.
Ross: We’d like to close our accounts.
Bank Officer: Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?
Ross: No-no.
Chandler: No, we’d just like to close them.
Bank Officer: Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures.  Would you come over here please?
Ms. Lambert: Hi, I’m Karen.
Chandler: I wanna quit the bank!


[Date: October 17, 1997, Session #509]

Monica: So you didn’t leave the bank?
Ross: No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
Rachel: What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Chandler: To pay for the gym.
Chandler: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Joey: What?!
Rachel: You got fired?!
Monica: Oh my Gosh!
Phoebe: It’s so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Rachel: Sweety...
Phoebe: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y’know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It’s been a really bad day, whore wise.
Mr. Treeger:: Hey Duck, is Chick here?
Chandler: Yeah… Bunny-rabbit.
Joey:  So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, but y’know, I think the reason we’re not getting that spin right is because my apartment’s too small.
Joey: Look, you wanna use our place?
Mr. Treeger:: No, I ahh, had another idea.
Joey: We did it!!
Mr. Treeger:: I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
Joey: I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Mr. Treeger:: Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
Joey: Oh well, okay, good luck.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.
Joey: Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
Mr. Treeger:: Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think I’m ready to dance with girls.
Joey: Okay.
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah.
Joey: Go get ‘em Treeger.
Mr. Treeger:: Right.  Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.
Joey:  Really?
Mr. Treeger:: Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she’s the same size as me.
Joey: No, I’m good.


[Date: October 30, 1997, Session #510]

Ross:  Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number.  Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me.  It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa!  Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. 
Phoebe: Thank you.


[Date: October 31, 1997, Session #511]

Gunther: Rachel?
Rachel: Yeah?
Gunther: When's your birthday?
Rachel: May fifth, why?
Gunther: Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's birthdays.
Ross: Oh, mine's December...
Gunther: Yeah, whatever. 
Chandler: Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Monica: Just go up to her and ask her out.  Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Chandler: I could die.
Ross: Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Rachel: Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
Chandler: I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Phoebe:  Oh.
Chandler: Hey! 
Monica: Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Phoebe:  But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes.  Pretty, huh? 
Chandler: All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Monica: Just be yourself. But, not too much.
Chandler:   Wish me luck.
Ross:  Good luck!
Chandler: Wish it!  Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Kathy: No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.
Chandler: Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Kathy: With a K.
Chandler: Oh-oh-hey!
Kathy: Wow! You are really good at this.
Chandler: Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Kathy: I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date.  Oh, and there he is now.
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. 
Joey: Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Chandler: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Joey: Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Phoebe: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People.  Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you?  This chick sounds good.  Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.


[Date: November 1, 1997, Session #512]

Phoebe:  My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
All: Way to go, Phoebe!
Monica: That cold makes you sound so great.
Phoebe: It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. 
Joey: Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.
All: Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys.
Kathy: No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher.
Rachel: Well, have fun!
Kathy: Okay.
Phoebe: Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
Monica: Y'know what, I like Kathy.
Chandler: Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
Rachel: Yeah, she's...
Chandler: She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Rachel: You love her.
Chandler: No, I don't.
Phoebe: Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.
Ross: Come on, Pheebs lay off him.
Chandler: Thank you, Ross.
Ross: Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.
Chandler: All right.
All: Ohh!
Chandler: All right.
Monica:  Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! 


[Date: November 2, 1997, Session #513]

Phoebe: So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Monica: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Ross:  Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey.
Ross:  So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!
Monica: Rachel's not here.
Ross: Oh.
Monica: How's it going with her?
Ross: Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Rachel:  Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Monica: Hi, Josh.
Phoebe: Hi.
Josh: Dudes.
Monica: So, did you play in college?  sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Josh: Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
Rachel: Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Josh: Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
Rachel: Okay.  I'll miss you.
Josh: Dope! 
Phoebe: Wow, cute one!
Monica: Very!
Rachel: I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Ross: Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Rachel: Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Ross: Oh! 
Rachel: What was that?
Ross: Monica knows.
Monica: It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Ross: Well, I'm gonna go get ready,  for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Phoebe: Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey,  you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh,  My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!


[Date: November 2, 1997, Session #514]

Amanda:  Hi!
Ross: Hi!
Amanda: Hi Ben!
Ross: Wow! You-you look great!
Amanda: Thanks!
Ross:  Okay!  Hey Tommy.
Amanda: I am so glad that you could come over tonight.
Ross: Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
Amanda: Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
Ross: What?
Amanda: I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
Ross: I-I-I...
Amanda:  Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime. 
Ross: Who wants to make some long distance calls?


[Date: November 3, 1997, Session #515]

Monica: Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
Ross: Her date tipped me ten dollars. 
Ross: Pheebs, what are you doing?
Phoebe: Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Monica: Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
Chandler:  Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
Phoebe: What?!
Ross: Are you serious?
Phoebe: Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Chandler: I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person.  No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Monica:  Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
Phoebe: You mean you stole it!  Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
Joey: Hey.
Kathy:  We were just talking about you.
Chandler: Really?!
Joey: Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Chandler:  Right in there!


[Date: November 4, 1997, Session #516]

Ross:  Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive.  So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Monica: No, sorry.
Rachel: Well where's Amanda?
Monica: Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
Rachel: I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Monica: Ross, cough drops, please?
Ross: At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
Rachel: Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Ross: You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Monica:  You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Rachel:  Ohh, that is soo sad.
Monica: And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
Rachel: Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it! 
Monica: That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Ross: Fine.
Rachel: Sorry.
Ross: Here.   At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.
Rachel: Y'know...


[Date: November 6, 1997, Session #517]

Cheryl: So, thank you for the delicious dinner.
Ross: You're welcome for a delicious dinner.
Phoebe: Hey what are you guys looking at?
Chandler: Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.
Phoebe: Yeah, come to papa.
Ross: I know!
Monica: Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
Chandler: Where did you, when did you, how did you...  How did you get a girl like that?
Rachel: Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?
Ross: Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Chandler: Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.
Ross: I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Rachel: Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Ross: Fine by me; hope she wins.


[Date: November 6, 1997, Session #518]

Chandler: Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?
Phoebe: Oo! Is it for my birthday present?
Chandler: Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Phoebe: Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Chandler: Well, I have a call in about that.
Phoebe: 'Kay.
Chandler: Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
Rachel: Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Chandler: Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Rachel: Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Chandler: Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Rachel: Oh, honey, that's so sweet.
Phoebe: Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
Chandler: It doesn't say that. Does it?
Ross: How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Chandler: Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
Phoebe: It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Monica:  Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Rachel: Oh my God! What happened?
Monica: Sixty guests.
Ross: So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Monica: Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Phoebe: Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican...  ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Monica: I don't know.
Phoebe: There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Monica: Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
Phoebe: Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Monica: Well, you're not working either.
Phoebe: Yes, but I'm doing this.
Monica: Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you!
Joey: Hey!
Everyone: Hey.
Kathy: Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?
Joey: Why?
Joey: You can pee here!
Kathy: Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
Chandler: It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway.  Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Joey: We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
Everyone: Yeah!
Rachel: Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.
Joey: Oh, I know...
Rachel: And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love."
Phoebe: Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?
Rachel: No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Phoebe: Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Hey, how'd it go?
Monica: Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow—the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Phoebe: Mon! I'm so happy for you!
Monica: Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff.  Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Phoebe: I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Monica: Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look—I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Phoebe: Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Monica: Okay.


[Date: November 7, 1997, Session #519]

Ross:  Huh...
Cheryl: Um, would you like to come in?
Ross: Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?
Cheryl: According to recent findings!
Cheryl:  Here Mitzi! Here Mitzi!
Ross: Mitzi is.....
Cheryl: My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.
Ross:  Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh  ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
Cheryl: What?
Ross: Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Cheryl: I'd rather not.
Ross: Oh, yeah, why not?
Cheryl: Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.


[Date: November 8, 1997, Session #520]

Joey: So, you just left? Her place was really that bad?
Ross: You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived!  Here.
Joey: Wow. Thanks. So, uh, what happened?
Ross: What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.
Joey: All right, so... next time, you take her to your place.
Ross: No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.
Joey: What kind of smell?
Ross: I don't know. Soap?
Joey: All right, listen, Ross... you like this girl, right?
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: You wanna see her again, right?
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!
Ross: Yeah, okay you're right.
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?
Joey: Yeah!
Ross: It's, uh... it's endearing, really.
Joey: All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig!  Oink!


[Date: November 8, 1997, Session #521]

Cheryl: So you want to come inside?
Ross:  Yes. Yes I do. 
Cheryl: I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable. 
Cheryl:  Guess who?
Ross: Department of Sanitation?
Cheryl: It's me!
Ross: Oh!  Ah.  Aw! 
Cheryl: What?
Ross:  Ah, Cheryl!
Cheryl: Oh, Ross!
Cheryl: Wait! No! No! It's my hamster! It's Mitzi!
Ross: Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.
Cheryl:  Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.


[Date: November 13, 1997, Session #522]

Chandler:  I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Ross: Y'know if we ever go to war and you’re captured, you’re in for a big surprise.
Chandler: It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it’s bad enough that I’m in love with my roommates girlfriend—which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we’re in the room together there’s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I’ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she’s smooth! Smooth! 
Phoebe: Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
All: Yeah! Oh my God!


[Date: November 13, 1997, Session #523]

Phoebe:  "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease…" Darn it! Now, I don’t know who to get to the next verse.
Ross: Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease…  BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Phoebe: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ‘bah-bah-bha-bhan?’
Ross: Well umm, y’know, I used to play.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, that’s right, the keyboards, huh?
Ross: Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that’s-that’s when I really found my sound.
Monica: Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Phoebe: I wanna hear "The Sound."
Ross: Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven’t played in so long, and-and, well it’s-it’s really personal stuff, y’know?
Phoebe: Come on, play that funky music white boy.
Monica: Yeah!
Ross: No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in—No, yeah, okay. 
Ross: Okay, guys.
Chandler: All right! Bring it on, you…
Ross: Here we go.  Y’know, I’ve-I’ve never played my stuff for anyone before, so it’s important that-that you understand it’s about communicating very private emotions.  Y’know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That’s what I’m…
Chandler:  Oh my God! Play!
Monica:  Boy, that was-that was, umm… terrific.
Chandler: Really, bitchin’!
Phoebe: Wow, it was so—wow!
Ross: Really?! I mean, really?!!
Rachel: Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Ross: Wow! Thanks, you guys. That’s uh—ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I’ll be right back! Okay?  This is so nice, I’m—I am so… 
Monica: Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Rachel: Oh, I can’t believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
Phoebe: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it’s just, it’s so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Chandler: You mean like, music?


[Date: November 14, 1997, Session #524]

Ross:  Electrifying.  Emphatic time-time-time…
Monica:  Y'know, there’s a Starbucks about three blocks down.
Phoebe:  It’s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
Ross:  Thank you guys-guys-guys…
Monica:  Hey, aren’t you up next?
Phoebe: Oh no, I’m not playing tonight.
Rachel: Why not?
Phoebe: I can’t follow Ross! It’d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Monica: Phoebe, Ross sucks!
Rachel: Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
Monica: Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Rachel: Yeah, Phoebe you’re… awful!
Phoebe: You guys. You suck too. 


[Date: November 14, 1997, Session #525]

Ross:  Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Ross: Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don’t want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Phoebe: Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Ross: Pheebs…
Phoebe: Yeah, I-I can’t—I mean y’know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just—I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I…
Ross: See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y’know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I… I won’t play anymore.
Phoebe: Oh no. No-no-no, don’t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Ross: Yeah, okay.


[Date: November 15, 1997, Session #526]

Ross: Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
Monica: Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
Chandler: I kissed Kathy.
Ross: What?
Monica: Are you serious?
Phoebe: Does Joey know?
Chandler: No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he’ll understand this?
Monica: You obviously haven’t screwed over a lot of your friends.  Which we all appreciate.
Ross: No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would’ve just stepped aside.
Chandler: Oh, don’t say that! Don’t say that. That’s not true. Is it?
Phoebe: I think maybe, yeah.
Monica: He loves you.
Chandler: Then why didn’t you tell me to do that?!!
Ross: Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.
Phoebe: Yeah! No, that’s right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
Rachel: I know, I remember that!
Monica: I remember you did.
Chandler: God!!  What am I gonna do?!
Rachel: Well, Chandler, you’re gonna have to tell him.
Chandler: Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Rachel: Because you do.
Chandler: Yeah, I know.
Ross: Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.


[Date: November 15, 1997, Session #527]

Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s lost it. He’s totally lost it.
Monica:  What?
Rachel: Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
Ross: Thank you, thanks.  Yeah, I lost it. Y’know, I’m not gonna play anymore,  would you, can you finish my set?
Phoebe: After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.
Ross: Yeah, like I could lose it.
Rachel: What?
Ross: I played bad on purpose guys.
Monica: Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
Ross: Yeah—no, just that last song.

[Date: November 27, 1997, Session #528]

Chandler:  Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
Phoebe: Look everyone, it’s the spirit of Thanksgiving!
Rachel: So are things with you and Joey any better?
Chandler: They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Rachel: Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
Ross: Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Rachel: You shouldn’t.
Phoebe: Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there’s the added mystery of who gets who.
Ross: Who gets whom.  I don’t know why I do that.
Rachel: Well, I’m gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
Monica: We haven’t eaten yet!
Rachel: I know, but all that work you’re doing to get it ready, I just… 
Chandler: Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ‘cause I wanna trade for her.
Phoebe: I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Chandler: Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Phoebe: Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it’s like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let’s trade!
Chandler: Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it…  Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it…  Her initials…
Phoebe: Ohh.
Monica: Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Chandler: Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.
Monica: Who cares? He works in a museum!
Chandler: Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Phoebe: You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren’t here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Chandler: Thanks.
Monica: What is wrong with this freezer?!  Ow! Ow!!
Phoebe: God, what happened?!
Monica: Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Rachel:  People are trying to sleep in here!
Chandler: Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Phoebe: Open it up, let me see.
Monica: Oh, y’know what, I can’t, it really kills.
Chandler: Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Phoebe: Ooh, God it looks bad.
Rachel: Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Monica: No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can’t go to him when I don’t have a boyfriend!
Chandler: He’s really picky about his patients.
Phoebe: Honey, you’ve got to go. What’s his office number?
Monica: Like I remember his office number!  Speed dial 7.
Phoebe:  Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on behalf of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today.   He’s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Monica: Yes!!
Phoebe: Yes! She’s very excited about that.
Phoebe: This is so cool, ‘til Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head chef and I get to make all the decisions. 
Ross: Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Phoebe: Okay, get out of my kitchen!
Chandler:  All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once!  I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Phoebe: All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Ross: So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I’m already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Chandler: Oh y’know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Ross: Really?! Wow! That’s-that’s so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Chandler: I don’t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Ross: Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Ross: Oh, that’s not true! I’ve got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Chandler: Like?
Ross: Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Chandler: When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Ross: Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh…
Chandler: Big dog?


[Date: November 27, 1997, Session #529]

Ross:  Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Ross: What are you doing?
Joey: I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
Ross: Everything? Even the TV?
Joey: No! I’m putting that in my room.
Ross: Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don’t you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Joey: Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
Ross: That’s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Joey: Five years.
Ross: You’ve sentenced him?!
Joey: Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.
Ross: Joey, the guy’s your best friend.
Joey: No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there’s a spot open.
Ross: Oh, who? Me?
Joey: Yeah!
Ross: Wow! I’m honored! And y’know what I’m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
Joey: What?
Ross: I’m gonna get you to talk to Chandler.
Joey: All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.


[Date: November 27, 1997, Session #530]

Ross: He’s coming here for Thanksgiving!
Rachel: I know, it’s sick.
Monica: Why is it sick?
Rachel: Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Monica: Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don’t you?
Phoebe: Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best shot but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s twisted.
Ross: Yeah.
Joey:  What’s twisted?
Monica: Me going out with Richard’s son.
Joey: Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Chandler:  Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
Rachel: Is he okay in there?
Joey: He’s fine!
Ross: Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard’s son, you’d be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Monica: Fine! Judge all you want to but,  married a lesbian,  left a man at the altar,  fell in love with a gay ice dancer,  threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire,  livin’ in a box!! 
Rachel: So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Joey: Chandler?
Chandler: The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
Ross:  Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Rachel:  Why?
Ross: I just wanna check something.
Rachel: Okay. 
Ross:   Now, we’ll see.
Chandler: Air hole! Air hole!! 
Rachel:  Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.
Ross:  The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
Rachel: Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
Ross: Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
Rachel: Well isn’t it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Ross: What did you get?
Rachel: Credit.
Monica:  I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it!  Hi, Tim.
Tim: Hi. 
Monica: Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Tim: Hi, nice to meet you.
Monica: And Joey.
Joey: Hey!
Tim: Hi, Joey.
Monica: My brother, Ross.
Ross: Hey.
Monica: And Rachel.  And that’s Chandler.
Chandler: How do ya do.
Tim: What’s…
Monica: Umm, well, he’s…
Joey: He’s doin’ some thinkin’!
Chandler: What happened? What happened?!
Joey: You kissed my girlfriend!
Rachel: Ooh, I like those sunglasses.
Ross: Like ‘em, like ‘em? Or, I’d like to get store credit for that amount like ‘em?
Rachel: 
Monica: All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Tim: Where can I wash up?
Monica: Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Tim: Thank you.
Rachel: Fancy soap? I thought we were savin’ that for the Pope!
Monica: See he’s nice. Right?
Phoebe: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That’s not how your dad used to do it."
Tim: Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?
Monica: I saved you a seat. 
Rachel:  Sick-sick-sick-sick.
Phoebe: Oh, I’ll get it. 
Chandler: Gotcha! 
Joey: That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!
Chandler: Sorry!
Joey: Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Chandler: Okay, okay, you got it!
Rachel: Ross, can you pass me the yams?
Ross: Sure! Oh, and Joey’s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
Rachel: Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Monica: Oh-ho-ho, we’ve got company.
Ross: There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
Rachel: Okay, fine. 
Chandler: You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Joey: All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you’re just an idiot in a box!
Chandler: You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won’t say another word tonight.
Joey: So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Chandler: Absolutely!
Joey: That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously?  Okay.
Rachel: Don’t say that I have no sentiment!  This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed!  This is from the museum from the first time we… were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Ross: I don’t know what to say, I’m sorry. Though, you’re not supposed to take these.  It’s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
Monica:  Ooh, this always happens. 
Tim: Here, let me help. 
Monica: Thank you.
Tim: You-you have a very beautiful… eye.
Monica: Y’know all my friends think this is weird.
Tim: Y’know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn’t.
Monica: I know! I mean it’s like me and your dad, that’s a totally separate thing.
Tim: Oh, I totally agree.
Monica: We’re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?
Tim: What?
Monica: Nothing. Nothing.
Tim: No-no really, was-was that not okay?
Monica: No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss…
Tim: Oh my God! It didn’t remind you of…
Monica:  Don’t say it!
Tim: No, but it did! Didn’t it?!
Monica: Yeah!
Tim: Oh man!!
Monica: I know!
Joey: I’ll get it. 
Kathy:  Oh.
Joey: Hey.
Kathy: Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am…
Joey: That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.
Kathy: Well, I’m still sorry. Is he here?
Joey: In the box.
Kathy:  Chandler?
Phoebe: Oh, he-he can’t talk right now.
Kathy: Why not? What’s going on?
Phoebe: He’s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Kathy: By being in a box?
Rachel: Joey, had reasons.
Phoebe: They were threefold.
Kathy: Oh. Well uh,  you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm…  Listen I don’t wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can’t stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don’t wanna be the cause of that. So, I don’t think we can see each other anymore. I’m gonna go to my mom’s in Chicago, I’m gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could’ve be something really amazing, but y’know this is probably for the best. Y’know? I’m gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
Joey:  Open the box!! 
Rachel: What?!
Joey: He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there!  Get out of there!
Chandler: So?
Joey: Yeah, we’re gonna be fine! Get out!
Chandler: Yeah?
Joey: Yeah, you did some real good thinkin’ in there.
Chandler: Man, this is…
Joey: Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa! 
Joey: All right, who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh, need to trade.


[Date: November 27, 1997, Session #531]

Rachel: Oh, he sees her!
Monica: Oh, he’s catching up to her!
Phoebe: Oh, she sees him! Oh, they’re hugging!
Ross: He’s taking her purse!
Joey: Uhh, that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.
Phoebe: Oh, there they are!
Phoebe: All right, get a room.

[Date: December 11, 1997, Session #532]

Phoebe: Okay!
Monica: Come on, no peeking! 
Chandler: Our eyes are closed and we’re about to cross the street. Very good.
Phoebe: Okayyyyy, open up!
Ross: What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s for our catering business!
Joey: I think I know that girl.
Monica: All right, umm, we’re not gonna really keep it this way though.
Rachel: No?
Phoebe: No, we’re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
Rachel: Oh!
Phoebe: And also, we don’t know what to do with this. 
Joey: Oh yeah, I definitely know her.


[Date: December 11, 1997, Session #533]

Monica:  Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Phoebe: Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Monica: Well, I’m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Monica: Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence… dozens of people.
Phoebe: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Monica: Oh no-no-no, it’s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
All: Yay!!
Phoebe: Oh, in that case——Yay!  That was me hopping on board.
Monica: Oh.
Chandler:  Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Ross: I don’t know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there’s this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Chandler: No-no, I don’t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Ross: Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Chandler: Kathy’s with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Ross: Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
Phoebe: Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Ross: Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
Chandler: I’m gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Ross: I’m gonna call after you!
Chandler: This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Chandler and Ross: Woooo!!!
Monica: All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Joey: Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Ross: Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Joey: Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Ross: Gandolf the wizard.  Hello! Didn’t you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Joey: No, I had sex in high school.


[Date: December 12, 1997, Session #534]

Chandler: Oh man! I am so excited—I may vomit!
Joey: Will you calm down, he’s just a human guy.
Chandler: Look you don’t understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y’know you’re never know what’s gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Joey: Really?!
Chandler: Oh yeah, it’s beautiful country up there.
Ross:  Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
Chandler: It’s not gonna be exactly like last time.
Joey: All right, I’ll see you guys.
Chandler and Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa!
Chandler: Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
Joey: I have an audition, but I’ll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
Ross: Somewhere maybe along the equator?
Joey: Okay. 
Chandler:  Hello.   It’s Gandolf!!!  So, are you in town?   Oh, well, well maybe next time then. 
Ross: What happened?
Chandler: He’s not gonna make it, he’s stuck in Chicago.
Ross: Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
Chandler: Stupid, useless Canadian money!


[Date: December 12, 1997, Session #535]

Joey: Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you’d be out partying with Gandel-worf.
Ross: It’s Gandolf, and he’s not coming.
Joey: So you’ve been sittin’ around here all mornin’?
Ross: No! I balanced my checkbook.
Chandler: Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
Ross: I can’t believe he didn’t come!
Joey: So what if he didn’t come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Chandler: Oh-no, y’know with Gandolf we’d be out all night!
Ross: Yeah! We’d meet, we’d meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
Joey: Well, we could do that!
Ross: There’s other stuff too.
Joey: We’ll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Ross: Yeah!
Joey: Yeah!
Ross: Yeah!!
Joey: Yeah!!
Ross: It’s not like we don’t know how to party!!
Joey: Yeah! All right? Let’s go!
Chandler: And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?
Joey and Ross: Yeah!!!
Chandler: All right!!
Ross:  Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
Chandler: Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Well, those were seals, man.


[Date: December 12, 1997, Session #536]

Joey: All right, so we’ll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we’ll head back out.
Chandler: Yeah, all right.
Ross: Okay.
Joey: So, we’re having fun, right?
Chandler and Ross: Yeah.
Joey: We don’t need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we’ll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
Ross: I’m kinda beat.
Chandler: Actually, me too.
Joey: Are you serious?!
Chandler and Ross: Yeah.
Joey: Thank God! I’m exhausted!
Gunther: So you guys want coffees?
Joey: Yeah, but uh, I don’t want to be up too late, so uh, I’ll have a decaf.
Ross: Yeah, me too.
Chandler: Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Joey: I can’t hear a word you’re saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
Ross: I’m just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y’know? I used them as mittens, I didn’t want to touch a thing in that last place.
Ross: How sad are we?
Joey: Yeah, I know.
Chandler: Y’know what? We’re not sad, we’re not sad, we’re just not 21 anymore. Y’know? I’m 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
Joey and Ross: Yeah!
Joey: Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
Chandler and Ross: Yeah!
Ross: And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
Joey: We’re 29, we’re not women.


[Date: December 18, 1997, Session #537]

Ross: Hey!
Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: I’m sorry I’m late, did I miss anything?
Phoebe: Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth. 
Ross: 15?  Your personal best! 
Phoebe: Where were you?
Ross: Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
Chandler: Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Phoebe: Oh, which museum?
Phoebe:  No, answer his.
Ross: Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Chandler: Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Ross: No, I’m getting back down ‘cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she’s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Chandler: How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would’ve killed in Albany.
Joey: Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now? 


[Date: December 20, 1997, Session #538]

Ross: Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
Chandler: Oh yeah! With who?
Ross: You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she’s a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y’know she’s, well she’s-she’s just as pretty, I guess she’s smart, she’s not fun.
Phoebe: If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Ross: Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was—if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn’t kidding, she’s not fun, she’s stupid, and kind of a racist.
Joey:  Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey, man!
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Joey:  Damn! 


[Date: December 21, 1997, Session #539]

Phoebe:  Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry…
Chandler:  Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?
Phoebe: What?
Chandler: I’m not Jewish, so…
Phoebe: So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God! 
Chandler: Bad dream?
Ross: I wasn’t sleeping.
Chandler: Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?
Ross: The one with the cat. I gotta go, I’ve got another date.
Phoebe: So, did you pick one yet?
Ross: No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought—it wasn’t that funny. So I’m still torn.
Phoebe: Well look, you don’t really like the one from uptown and you’re too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you’re done!
Ross: Y’know, you’re right. Thank you.
Phoebe: Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Chandler: Prague?
Phoebe: There’s sooo much you don’t know.


[Date: December 21, 1997, Session #540]

The Conductor: Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.
Ross:  What? 
Woman On Train: I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.
Ross: What?
Woman On Train: We’re at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?
Ross:  Are we really in Montreal?!
Woman On Train: Yes we are. So, coffee?
Ross: Coffee sounds great.  Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?
Woman On Train: Oh, no. But it’s just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.


[Date: January 8, 1998, Session #541]

Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Rachel: Well, I’ve been up since six. Thanks to somebody’s dumb-ass rooster.
Phoebe: You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn’t be living in an apartment.
Rachel: Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around…
Phoebe: All right. I’m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I’m ready to have Frank and Alice’s embryo transferred into my uterus.
Ross: Now, how will they know if you’re ready?
Phoebe: Oh, they’re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Chandler: Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Phoebe: Okay everyone, think thick.
All: Good-bye! Good luck! 
Phoebe: Hi! Wish me luck!
Monica: Oh, good luck.
Joey: Good luck.  And I’m still right!
Monica: That is sooo not true!
Rachel: What?
Joey: She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.
Chandler: I can check that for ya.
Monica: I just—I can’t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Chandler: Well… we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Joey: Yeah, what’s that about?
Chandler:  And you… Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel’s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Ross:  You’re good.  These are not.
Rachel: I’m so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.
Monica: Yeah.
Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Ross: Five.
Chandler: Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Rachel: How many guesses do you get?
Joey: Six.
Ross: Challenge extended.
Monica: Deal!
Ross: Challenge excepted.
Joey: All right, we’ll start with…apples.
Ross: We’ll be starting with apples.
Chandler:  Stop that now!
Chandler: Yes!
Joey: Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
Chandler: Diet soda.
Ross: Yes. Yes. Yes. 
Chandler: Orange juice.
Rachel: No! There’s no orange juice in there! We win!!
Monica: Ha-ha!
Ross: They have another guess.
Rachel: Okay, well, we won that one.
Joey: Okay, the last thing…
Chandler: Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! 
Joey: No-no, not for like another two weeks.
Chandler: I got it! Scotch… tape. 
Ross: How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Chandler: Well, we used there’s up last night making scary faces.
Monica: Aww, man!
Chandler: All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Monica: That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Rachel: Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Monica: Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Joey: Serious?
Monica: Are you scared?
Joey: No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Monica: Ross will do it.
Ross: Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It’s not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Rachel: Fine! We’ll ask Phoebe.
Ross: No-no-no, I-I wanna play.


[Date: January 9, 1998, Session #542]

Monica: You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Joey: Huh.
Rachel: I know! I know, it’s such a huge, life-altering thing.
Joey: I know.
Ross: The test is ready.
All: Yeah! Yes! 
Ross: Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It’s All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first.  Okay, somebody call it this time.
All: Oh yeah!
Rachel: Tails!
Ross: It’s heads.  Gentlemen, pick your category.
Chandler: Fears and Pet Peeves.
Ross: What is Monica’s biggest pet peeve?
Joey: Animals dressed as humans.
Ross: That’s correct. Ladies?
Monica: Same category?
Ross: According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Monica: Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
Ross: That is correct.
Joey:  The Irish gig guy?!
Chandler: His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
Ross: Gentlemen, you’re pick.
Joey: It’s All Relative.
Ross: Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
Joey:  Nana?
Chandler: She has a real name.
Joey:  Althea!
Chandler: Althea?! What are you doing?!
Joey: I took a shot.
Chandler: You're shooting with Althea?!
Ross: Althea is correct.
Chandler: Nice shooting!
Rachel: We’ll take Literature!!
Ross: Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey’s apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Rachel: Chandler gets it! It’s Chandler Bing!
Monica: No!!
Ross: I’m afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
Monica: I knew that! Rachel! Use you’re head!
Chandler: Actually, it’s Miss Chinandolor Bong.


[Date: January 9, 1998, Session #543]

Ross: All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Rachel:  It’s All Relative!!
Ross: You don’t have to shout everything.
Rachel:  I’m sorry!
Ross: Ooh. What is the name of Chandler’s father’s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Monica: Viva Las Gaygas!
Chandler: Unfortunately that is correct.
The Girls: Yes!!
Ross: All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event.  The Lightning Round!
All: Ohhhh.
Ross: Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
Monica: You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
Chandler: I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we’re gonna destroy you.
Monica: Huh, wanna bet?
Chandler: Well, I’m so confused as to what we’ve been doing so far…
Monica: How about we play for more money, say 150?
Ross: 150 dollars.
Chandler: Say 200?
Ross: 200 dollars.
Monica: You’re doing it again.
Ross: Excuse me.
Rachel: Monica, I don’t want to lose 200 dollars.
Monica: We won’t.  300?
Rachel: Monica?!
Monica: I’m just trying to spice it up!
Rachel: Okay, so let’s play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
Monica: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Rachel: Oooohh that’s interesting.
Joey: Hey, no way, that rooster’s family!
Rachel: Throw in the duck too!
Joey: What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
Rachel: Well, he gets the other one all riled up.
Joey: Look, we are not gonna…
Chandler:  All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
Joey:  Dah!! 
Chandler: But if we win, we get your apartment.
Joey: Oooooh!
Monica: Deal!


[Date: January 9, 1998, Session #544]

Rachel: Monica, betting the apartment, I don’t know about this.
Monica: Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. 
Rachel: Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
Monica: No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
Rachel: All right, let’s do it.
Monica: Come on!
Rachel: Okay. 
Ross: All right, gentlemen, you’re up first.
Joey: Okay.
Chandler: Okay. 
Ross: You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins—stop it —now. What was Monica’s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Joey: Big fat goalie.
Ross: Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie…
Chandler: Dangerous Liaisons.
Ross: Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Joey: Weekend at Bernie’s.
Ross: Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Chandler: Oh! 
Ross: Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Joey: Everyday use.
Chandler: Fancy.
Joey: Guest.
Chandler: Fancy guest.
Ross: Two seconds…
Joey: Uhh, 11!
Ross: 11, unbelievable 11 is correct.  All right, that’s 4 for the guys. Ladies, you’re up.
Rachel: All right!
Monica: Come on!
Ross: 30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins…now! What is Joey’s favorite food?
Monica: Sandwiches!
Ross: Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl’s breast?
Rachel: 14?
Ross: No, 19.
Chandler: Thanks man.
Ross: Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Monica: Maurice.
Ross: Correct, his profession was?
Rachel: Space cowboy!
Ross: Correct! What is Chandler Bing’s job?
Rachel: Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.
Monica: And processing.
Rachel: He carries a briefcase.
Ross: 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Monica: It’s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, he’s a transponce—transpondster!
Monica: That’s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!
Monica: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Rachel: Oh my God.
Chandler and Joey: YEAH!!! YES!!!


[Date: January 10, 1998, Session #545]

Joey: I call Monica’s room!
Chandler: You can’t just call Monica’s room.
Joey: Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I’m sight of the room and I called it.
Monica: Man, I feel like I’m coming down with something.
Joey: What?
Monica: Yeah.  I bet you can’t guess what color my tonsils are? I’ll bet the apartment!
Chandler: Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It’s too nice.
Phoebe:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hey—ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Phoebe: Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they’re implanted.
Monica: How do you feel?
Phoebe: Well, freaked. ‘Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice’s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Chandler: Yeah, but I bet it works.
Monica: Really?! How much?!
Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Joey: Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Phoebe: Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body’s always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Rachel:  Oh my God! I can’t believe you guys are actually think you’re moving in here!
Chandler: Well believe it baby!
Rachel: Well I-I-I’m not moving.
Joey: What?!
Rachel: No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Joey: You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Monica: Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would’ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Rachel: Noooo.
Monica: All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it’s all your fault.
Rachel: What?!
Monica: Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Chandler: I knew it!
Rachel: I don’t care, I’m not going anywhere.
Chandler: Cool, girl roommate.
Monica: Well?
Phoebe: Nope, not knocked up yet.
Monica: It’s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Phoebe: Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I’m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I’m just gonna y’know, lie it your chair,  Y'know? Yeah, good, I’m let gravity y’know, do its jobs.
Monica: Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Rachel: No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl’s apartment! That is a boy’s apartment, it’s dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It’s-it’s so pretty! And look, and it’s-it’s purple! And I’m telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand. 
Monica: I’ll take care of it.
Rachel: That’s right! You do what the hand says!
Rachel: How did it go?
Monica: I lost our mattresses.
Phoebe:  "Are you in there little fetus?
                             In nine will you come great us?
                             I will buy you some Adidas."
Monica: Hey!
Frank and Alice:  Hi!
Alice: Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
Phoebe: Oh. Oh.
Frank: Umm, it’s a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
Monica: Hey, don’t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Alice: So umm, you feel like taking a test? There’s only one question.
Phoebe: All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y’know just remember that it’s still really early, okay so, if it says that I’m not pregnant, that doesn’t mean that I’m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don’t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Alice: Okay.
Frank: Okay. 
Phoebe: Great. 
Rachel: Y’know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Joey: Hey, don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Rachel: That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Monica: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn’t gotten the question wrong!
Rachel: Well it stupid, unfair question!
Ross: Don’t blame the questions!
Chandler: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Rachel: Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Joey: But it is our apartment!
Rachel: No it’s not!
Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You’re gonna have a baby! They’re gonna have a baby!
Frank: MY SISTER’S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!
Phoebe: Okay, but this can’t be good for the baby.
All: Oh! 


[Date: January 15, 1998, Session #546]

Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Rachel: Well, I’ve been up since six. Thanks to somebody’s dumb-ass rooster.
Phoebe: You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn’t be living in an apartment.
Rachel: Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around…
Phoebe: All right. I’m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I’m ready to have Frank and Alice’s embryo transferred into my uterus.
Ross: Now, how will they know if you’re ready?
Phoebe: Oh, they’re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Chandler: Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Phoebe: Okay everyone, think thick.
All: Good-bye! Good luck! 
Phoebe: Hi! Wish me luck!
Monica: Oh, good luck.
Joey: Good luck.  And I’m still right!
Monica: That is sooo not true!
Rachel: What?
Joey: She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.
Chandler: I can check that for ya.
Monica: I just—I can’t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Chandler: Well… we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Joey: Yeah, what’s that about?
Chandler:  And you… Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel’s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Ross:  You’re good.  These are not.
Rachel: I’m so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.
Monica: Yeah.
Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Ross: Five.
Chandler: Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Rachel: How many guesses do you get?
Joey: Six.
Ross: Challenge extended.
Monica: Deal!
Ross: Challenge excepted.
Joey: All right, we’ll start with…apples.
Ross: We’ll be starting with apples.
Chandler:  Stop that now!
Chandler: Yes!
Joey: Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
Chandler: Diet soda.
Ross: Yes. Yes. Yes. 
Chandler: Orange juice.
Rachel: No! There’s no orange juice in there! We win!!
Monica: Ha-ha!
Ross: They have another guess.
Rachel: Okay, well, we won that one.
Joey: Okay, the last thing…
Chandler: Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! 
Joey: No-no, not for like another two weeks.
Chandler: I got it! Scotch… tape. 
Ross: How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Chandler: Well, we used there’s up last night making scary faces.
Monica: Aww, man!
Chandler: All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Monica: That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Rachel: Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Monica: Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Joey: Serious?
Monica: Are you scared?
Joey: No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Monica: Ross will do it.
Ross: Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It’s not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Rachel: Fine! We’ll ask Phoebe.
Ross: No-no-no, I-I wanna play.


[Date: January 15, 1998, Session #547]

Monica: You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Joey: Huh.
Rachel: I know! I know, it’s such a huge, life-altering thing.
Joey: I know.
Ross: The test is ready.
All: Yeah! Yes! 
Ross: Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It’s All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first.  Okay, somebody call it this time.
All: Oh yeah!
Rachel: Tails!
Ross: It’s heads.  Gentlemen, pick your category.
Chandler: Fears and Pet Peeves.
Ross: What is Monica’s biggest pet peeve?
Joey: Animals dressed as humans.
Ross: That’s correct. Ladies?
Monica: Same category?
Ross: According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Monica: Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
Ross: That is correct.
Joey:  The Irish gig guy?!
Chandler: His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
Ross: Gentlemen, you’re pick.
Joey: It’s All Relative.
Ross: Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
Joey:  Nana?
Chandler: She has a real name.
Joey:  Althea!
Chandler: Althea?! What are you doing?!
Joey: I took a shot.
Chandler: You're shooting with Althea?!
Ross: Althea is correct.
Chandler: Nice shooting!
Rachel: We’ll take Literature!!
Ross: Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey’s apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Rachel: Chandler gets it! It’s Chandler Bing!
Monica: No!!
Ross: I’m afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
Monica: I knew that! Rachel! Use you’re head!
Chandler: Actually, it’s Miss Chinandolor Bong.


[Date: January 15, 1998, Session #548]

Ross: All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Rachel:  It’s All Relative!!
Ross: You don’t have to shout everything.
Rachel:  I’m sorry!
Ross: Ooh. What is the name of Chandler’s father’s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Monica: Viva Las Gaygas!
Chandler: Unfortunately that is correct.
The Girls: Yes!!
Ross: All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event.  The Lightning Round!
All: Ohhhh.
Ross: Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
Monica: You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
Chandler: I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we’re gonna destroy you.
Monica: Huh, wanna bet?
Chandler: Well, I’m so confused as to what we’ve been doing so far…
Monica: How about we play for more money, say 150?
Ross: 150 dollars.
Chandler: Say 200?
Ross: 200 dollars.
Monica: You’re doing it again.
Ross: Excuse me.
Rachel: Monica, I don’t want to lose 200 dollars.
Monica: We won’t.  300?
Rachel: Monica?!
Monica: I’m just trying to spice it up!
Rachel: Okay, so let’s play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
Monica: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Rachel: Oooohh that’s interesting.
Joey: Hey, no way, that rooster’s family!
Rachel: Throw in the duck too!
Joey: What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
Rachel: Well, he gets the other one all riled up.
Joey: Look, we are not gonna…
Chandler:  All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
Joey:  Dah!! 
Chandler: But if we win, we get your apartment.
Joey: Oooooh!
Monica: Deal!


[Date: January 15, 1998, Session #549]

Rachel: Monica, betting the apartment, I don’t know about this.
Monica: Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. 
Rachel: Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
Monica: No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
Rachel: All right, let’s do it.
Monica: Come on!
Rachel: Okay. 
Ross: All right, gentlemen, you’re up first.
Joey: Okay.
Chandler: Okay. 
Ross: You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins—stop it —now. What was Monica’s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Joey: Big fat goalie.
Ross: Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie…
Chandler: Dangerous Liaisons.
Ross: Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Joey: Weekend at Bernie’s.
Ross: Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Chandler: Oh! 
Ross: Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Joey: Everyday use.
Chandler: Fancy.
Joey: Guest.
Chandler: Fancy guest.
Ross: Two seconds…
Joey: Uhh, 11!
Ross: 11, unbelievable 11 is correct.  All right, that’s 4 for the guys. Ladies, you’re up.
Rachel: All right!
Monica: Come on!
Ross: 30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins…now! What is Joey’s favorite food?
Monica: Sandwiches!
Ross: Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl’s breast?
Rachel: 14?
Ross: No, 19.
Chandler: Thanks man.
Ross: Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Monica: Maurice.
Ross: Correct, his profession was?
Rachel: Space cowboy!
Ross: Correct! What is Chandler Bing’s job?
Rachel: Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.
Monica: And processing.
Rachel: He carries a briefcase.
Ross: 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Monica: It’s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, he’s a transponce—transpondster!
Monica: That’s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!
Monica: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Rachel: Oh my God.
Chandler and Joey: YEAH!!! YES!!!


[Date: January 15, 1998, Session #550]

Joey: I call Monica’s room!
Chandler: You can’t just call Monica’s room.
Joey: Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I’m sight of the room and I called it.
Monica: Man, I feel like I’m coming down with something.
Joey: What?
Monica: Yeah.  I bet you can’t guess what color my tonsils are? I’ll bet the apartment!
Chandler: Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It’s too nice.
Phoebe:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hey—ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Phoebe: Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they’re implanted.
Monica: How do you feel?
Phoebe: Well, freaked. ‘Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice’s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Chandler: Yeah, but I bet it works.
Monica: Really?! How much?!
Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Joey: Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Phoebe: Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body’s always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Rachel:  Oh my God! I can’t believe you guys are actually think you’re moving in here!
Chandler: Well believe it baby!
Rachel: Well I-I-I’m not moving.
Joey: What?!
Rachel: No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Joey: You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Monica: Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would’ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Rachel: Noooo.
Monica: All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it’s all your fault.
Rachel: What?!
Monica: Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Chandler: I knew it!
Rachel: I don’t care, I’m not going anywhere.
Chandler: Cool, girl roommate.
Monica: Well?
Phoebe: Nope, not knocked up yet.
Monica: It’s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Phoebe: Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I’m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I’m just gonna y’know, lie it your chair,  Y'know? Yeah, good, I’m let gravity y’know, do its jobs.
Monica: Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Rachel: No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl’s apartment! That is a boy’s apartment, it’s dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It’s-it’s so pretty! And look, and it’s-it’s purple! And I’m telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand. 
Monica: I’ll take care of it.
Rachel: That’s right! You do what the hand says!
Rachel: How did it go?
Monica: I lost our mattresses.
Phoebe:  "Are you in there little fetus?
                             In nine will you come great us?
                             I will buy you some Adidas."
Monica: Hey!
Frank and Alice:  Hi!
Alice: Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
Phoebe: Oh. Oh.
Frank: Umm, it’s a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
Monica: Hey, don’t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Alice: So umm, you feel like taking a test? There’s only one question.
Phoebe: All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y’know just remember that it’s still really early, okay so, if it says that I’m not pregnant, that doesn’t mean that I’m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don’t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Alice: Okay.
Frank: Okay. 
Phoebe: Great. 
Rachel: Y’know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Joey: Hey, don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Rachel: That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Monica: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn’t gotten the question wrong!
Rachel: Well it stupid, unfair question!
Ross: Don’t blame the questions!
Chandler: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Rachel: Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Joey: But it is our apartment!
Rachel: No it’s not!
Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You’re gonna have a baby! They’re gonna have a baby!
Frank: MY SISTER’S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!
Phoebe: Okay, but this can’t be good for the baby.
All: Oh! 


[Date: January 29, 1998, Session #551]

Chandler: Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Ross: People can hear you.
Chandler: I know!!
Chandler: Wow! She looks great. Doesn’t she?
Ross: Yeah.
Kathy's Co-Star: Hi!
Kathy: Hi!
Ross: That is one good looking man!
Chandler: Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Kathy's Co-Star: Sooo, you’ve been doing this long?
Kathy: No, you’re my first. Put the money on the table.
Kathy's Co-Star: Oh, yeah! Ooh, that’s nice. 
Ross: Dude!
Kathy's Co-Star: Is that an expensive blouse?
Kathy: If you want it to be.
Ross: Here’s your girlfriend’s button. 


[Date: January 29, 1998, Session #552]

Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh! How was Kathy’s play?
Ross: Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin’ guy.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Phoebe: That’s a good idea for a business!
Chandler: I’m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they’re gonna go to their cast parties and he’s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it’ll be like, "So where’s your boyfriend, what’s-his-name, Chester?" And she’ll go, "No-no-no, it’s Chandler." And he’ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Joey:  That-that is a good trick.
Chandler: All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Joey: Chandler, look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job, just ‘cause they work together, doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.
Ross: Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Joey: Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Ross: Yeah.
Phoebe: Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
Ross: They’re not a couple!
Phoebe: Oh-okay, I get the game now.
Joey: Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Ross: Oh yeah!
Joey: Well okay, so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away, that’s when you’re in trouble.
Chandler: Really?
Joey: Look, you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
Ross: No.
Joey: Noooo!!


[Date: January 30, 1998, Session #553]

Chandler: So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Ross: Y’know what, I don’t know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Chandler: Yeah, I know but…
Ross: Oh no-no-no, I’m there.
Monica:  Hey!
Joey: Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Monica: You made pancakes?
Joey: Yep! Grab a plate.
Monica: Okay. 
Joey: No-no, stay right there.  Gettin’ closer.
Chandler: Okay, okay, but don’t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I’m fairly certain are the same thing.
Joey: Listen also we’re uh, we’re watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Ross: Oh yeah!
Monica: Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
Joey: Oh yeah, who’s playing?
Monica: The players.
Ross: Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
Monica:  Please, it’s a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Joey: All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Phoebe: Oh. 


[Date: January 30, 1998, Session #554]

Chandler: I’m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there’s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Ross: All right, let’s not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Chandler: Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Ross: Here she comes. Don’t say a word, okay? Just be cool, don’t be…y'know you.
Kathy: Hey you guys!
Ross: Hey!
Kathy: Hi!  Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it tonight?
Ross: Oh, absolutely! 
Kathy: Wasn’t Nick funny when he couldn’t get his match lit?
Kathy: It’s a good play, isn’t it?
Chandler: Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you’re having sex with him.
Ross: Okay, I… 
Kathy: Clearly, I’m having sex with him?
Chandler: Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Kathy: Okay, so let me just get this straight. You’re accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Chandler: Y’know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you’re up there every night, you’re naked, touching, kissing.
Kathy: Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I’m-I’m playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Chandler: Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Kathy: Oh, wow. I can’t believe you’re throwing that in my face.
Chandler: Well, that is what happened, and I don’t even see you denying this!
Kathy: I’ll tell you what, Chandler, why don’t you call me when you grow up!
Chandler: Yeah, well, don’t expect that to happen anytime soon!


[Date: January 30, 1998, Session #555]

Rachel: I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Phoebe: Rachel has a new doll.
Rachel: Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Ross: Uh, hello!
Rachel: Hi-e!!
Phoebe: Ooh, what do I smell?
Joey: I don’t know, it smells good.
Monica: Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Phoebe: Ooh! 
Monica: Please, have some!
Ross: Oh, yumm!
Monica: Yeah, I’ve just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Joey:  Wow! The new Playboy!
Monica: Yeah, it’s just something I picked up.
Ross: Cookies and porn, you’re the best mom ever!!
Phoebe: What? What?
Rachel: Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.
Ross: Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
Rachel: It’s Joshua.
Ross: Oh, whatever. 
Monica: Wait! Wait! This isn’t take-out!
Phoebe:  Well, I hate to eat and run, but…
Monica: No, wait, please don’t go! I’ve got porn for you too!
Phoebe: Yeah, I don’t need it.
Monica: People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Rachel: Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Monica: I’m the hostess! Not those guys! I’m always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Phoebe: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Monica: ‘Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I’m-I’m done now. They’ve suffered enough.
Phoebe: If you wanted to punish them, you should’ve just made them hang out here!
Rachel: Yeah, that’s true.
Monica: All right then, when I’m done with this place, it’s gonna be ten times better than that place!
Phoebe: Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
Chandler: Steps!  Slut!  You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
All: What?!
Ross: So you were right?
Chandler: I confronted her, and she didn’t deny it!  I don’t live here! 
Ross: Chandler!
Rachel: Chandler, what did she say?
Phoebe: Wait a minute.
Joey: Come here.
Monica: Are you sure?
Chandler: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie’s…
Rachel: Beefsteak Charlie’s?
Chandler: Yes! See you and I have always been like—


[Date: February 1, 1998, Session #556]

Chandler: Did she call?
Phoebe: No, sorry.
Chandler: All right, maybe I should call her.
Joey: No! Forget her, man! You don’t need her, you don’t need that!
Ross: He’s right, what she did was unforgivable.
Chandler: Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Ross: How might you be wrong?
Chandler: Well y'know, what if she didn’t actually sleep with the guy?
Joey: Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Chandler: She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Ross: That’s all you’re basing this on?
Chandler: That’s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Joey: Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Chandler: Oh my God!!


[Date: February 1, 1998, Session #557]

Joey: Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Rachel: I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
Ross: So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Rachel: He didn’t turn me down! He’s at the game isn’t he? I got the date, I’m just not on it!
Monica:  Okay, it’s ready. Come on.
Joey: What’s ready?
Monica: Just come.
Ross: Oh my God!
Rachel: Wow! Monica!
Phoebe: Great!
Ross: This is beautiful!
Phoebe: Oh did you—what did you—did you work for two days straight?
Monica: Pretty much.  So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Joey: I don’t know, it looks the same.
Monica: You used to have carpet.
Joey: Oh yeah!
Monica: So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I’m just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Ross: Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
Monica: Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I’m always the hostess.
Ross: Hey!
Joey: How’d it go?
Chandler: Well, she wasn’t sleeping with him.
Phoebe: Oh good!
Chandler: She is now.
Ross: What are you saying?
Chandler: I’m saying that she… is a devil woman! Y’know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don’t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Phoebe: How? How is your fault?
Chandler: Because, I-I should’ve called! Y’know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would’ve gone out with Nick, and they would’ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Rachel: Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Ross: Well, if-if she thought they were on a break…


[Date: February 3, 1998, Session #558]

Phoebe:  So now, what is this now?
Joey: Guggly worm.
Phoebe:  And this?
Joey: Glow-pop giggly jammer.
Phoebe:  You make it so funny.
Monica:  Hey umm, what’s this?
Joey:  Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year. 
Ross:  Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle between man and— Someone knocked over a lamp.
Joey:  That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
All: Great!
Chandler: You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you.  Well, except you. 
Monica: Hey, Joey, I don’t think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it’s only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Joey: Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase One. Y'know? I’ll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
Monica: What’s Phase Two?
Joey: Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.
Rachel: How does going to a strip club help him better?
Ross: Because there are naked ladies there.
Joey: Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
Ross: There are naked ladies there too.
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler:  Would you give me one minute!! Please.


[Date: February 6, 1998, Session #559]

Chandler: Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Ross: Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take ‘em off and we’ll have some fun.
Joey:  Hey-hey!
Ross: Hi!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Catch any big fish? 
Joey: Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
All:  Oh! God! Wow!
Monica: You stink!
Ross: Are you kidding?!
Joey: Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how’s he doing?
Ross: He hasn’t gotten out of that chair in two days.
Joey:  Hey buddy! How’s it going?
Joey:  Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines.  Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Rachel:  Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Hey, Monica!
Monica: Uh-oh, what’s the matter?
Rachel: Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So… What are you gonna do?
Monica: I don’t know sweetie.
Rachel: No! Help me!
Monica: I can’t! I have to work!
Rachel: Phoebe?
Phoebe: I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
Rachel: Ugh!
Phoebe: Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Rachel: Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is—I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y’know the "Wouldn’t it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Monica: No, Chandler’s still in Phase One, and Joey’s that thing you smell.
Rachel: Ohh!  Hi!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: So….
Ross: No.
Rachel: Ohhhh, come on!!!
Monica: I think she’s here.
Rachel: No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
Ross: You want me to take some girl I’ve never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Monica:  Ohh, she’s looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can’t see people through that little hole, can you?  Hello!
Woman: Hello! 
Rachel: I’ll be right there!  Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we’ve gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Ross: All right, I’ll do it.
Rachel: Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Emily?
Emily: Yes.
Rachel: I’m Rachel Green.
Emily: Thank goodness.
Rachel: There’s been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I’m not free tonight. So…
Emily: Really?! Well, that’s just lovely, isn’t it? I must’ve missed your call, even though I didn’t leave the flat all day.
Rachel: Oh well, no I…
Emily: Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who’s got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Monica: I-I-I think you look great.
Emily: Good night, it was very nice to meet you all. 
Rachel: I’ll get her.
Ross: Please hurry.
Phoebe: Don’t you just love the way they talk?!


[Date: February 7, 1998, Session #560]

Rachel: They’re in Vermont!! How could this happen?! 
Chandler: Ow!
Rachel: How—how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?! 
Chandler: Maybe, she doesn’t hit him all the time.
Ross: When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
Emily:  Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Ross: I’ve gotta go, there’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard! 
Monica: He had to go, there’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
Rachel: I don’t get this! She was horrible! 
Chandler: Okay, I’m going to go stand over there. 
Monica: Why do you care so much anyway?
Rachel: I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Monica: Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Rachel: Oh, y’know, would you just for once, not remember every…little…thing!! 
Chandler: So y’know, uh, when’s he getting back?
Monica: A couple of days.
Chandler: Y’know, I knew something like this was going to happen. 
Monica: What are you doing?! Chandler! You can’t just go back a phase!
Chandler: Yes you can. You’re thinking about time, you can’t go back in time.
Phoebe: Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
Monica: Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
Chandler:  No you can’t.
Phoebe: Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
Chandler: You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long. 
Phoebe: Y’know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
Chandler: Okay. 
Phoebe: I’m sorry. 


[Date: February 8, 1998, Session #561]

Chandler: Come on, let me see that smile.
Joey: I don’t wanna.
Chandler: Please?
Joey: I wanted to go to the strip club!
Chandler: I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Joey: Yeah, all right. 
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey—ooh so, how was Vermont?
Ross: Emily is…incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream.  Oh! And you! Rach!
Rachel: Oh, hey!
Ross: Hey! You were so right!
Rachel: What?
Ross: Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
Rachel: Oh, hmm.
Ross: I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn’t quite there. Y’know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy…
Rachel: Joshua.
Ross: Joshua…guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda…y’know.
Rachel: Yeah, I…
Ross: But now! I’m there! I’m totally there! I’m-I’m finally where you are!
Rachel: Oh, thank goodness!
Ross: Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.
Rachel: Oh, no problem. I’m so glad I could help. Happy for you. 
Ross: Happy for you. 
Rachel: No, happy for you! 


[Date: February 26, 1998, Session #562]

Emily: I can’t believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Ross: No, it’s really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Ross: Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
Emily: No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home.  Liam, Devon, this is Ross.
Devon: Hey, mate.
Liam: How are ya man?
Ross: Oh hey, that was a good one, huh?  Help! Help!
Emily: So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I’ve been rather busy.
Devon: Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
Emily: Oh my God. I think you’re right.
Liam:  Well, actually the last time you and I saw each other was that morning.
Emily: Oh, Liam. 
Ross: Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something—or should I call it  football?
Devon: We were playing rugby.
Liam: In fact we’re playing a game at the park tomorrow. You’re welcome to play too if you want.
Emily:  Ross play rugby? I don’t think so.
Ross: What’s ah, what’s so funny about that?
Emily: Well I mean, you’re American to start with. You don’t even have rugby here.
Ross: Well, we didn’t have freedom here until 1776, either so…
Devon: So good then! We’ll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!
Liam: Cheers!
Ross: Cheers!


[Date: February 26, 1998, Session #563]

Phoebe: Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Ross: Oh, just hold on a second. I’m watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don’t know what the big deal is. I’m man enough to play this sport.
Joey: Dude, you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
Janice:  Hey there Ross!
Ross:  Hey!
Phoebe:  Janice.
Chandler: Y’know uh, you didn’t really have to help me pack.
Janice: Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn’t really leave me much choice. Did you?
Chandler: Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Joey: Hey-hey, what’s going on?
Chandler: Oh, I’m packing. Y’know I’m-I’m packing ‘cause I’m moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Joey: Thanks for telling me!
Chandler: I’m only going to pretend I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get rid off her.
Joey: Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Janice:  Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a real space saver.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, I do that ‘cause it makes me look taller.
Janice: Okay, Chandler, come on!
Chandler:  Okay.  Joey, trade lives with me!
Joey: Nope.  Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Ross: Hey, I can handle it! All right?
Rachel: Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.
Ross: That’s ‘cause-‘cause you’re mom’s dog kept-kept looking at me.
Joey:  Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a scrum, okay? It’s kinda like a huddle.
Ross: And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
Joey: Ross!  They’re gonna kill you!
Phoebe: Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Ross: Well, you should’ve seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he’s like Joe Rugby.
Phoebe: You’re kidding! And he plays rugby?! That’s so funny.  Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Ross: Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I’m gonna show her how tough I really am!
Rachel:  I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right, you are a tough guy. You’re the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Joey: All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!
Chandler:  Thanks!
Ross: Look, don’t worry about me. Okay? I’ll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I’ll uh, I’ll be that guy right out of the circle. 
All: Oh!
Rachel: Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin’ at him.


[Date: February 27, 1998, Session #564]

Joey: Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy , and that guy . And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!
Ross: They don’t look any bigger than me!
Joey: Well, maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Emily: I’m just going to say hi to the lads. All right?
Ross: All right.
Emily: Okay. 
Phoebe:  Hi.
Phoebe: Whoa!  I kinda liked it.
Ross: Okay, I know what I have to do. I’ve got to go Red Ross.  Y’know, Red Ross!
Joey: I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.
Ross: Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
Joey: No.
Ross: You’ll see.
Emily: Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it’s his first time.
Liam: You don’t say! 
Emily:  Good luck, babe.
Liam: Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here!  Ross! Come on!
Liam: Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
Ross: JOEY!!!!!!


[Date: February 27, 1998, Session #565]

Emily: I can’t believe they’re doing that to him! I told them to go easy on him!
Phoebe: No offence but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the accent, so…
Emily: That’s just halftime, there’s more of this.
Ross: Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
Emily: Right.
Ross:  Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?
Emily: Okay.
Ross: Thanks.  I-I think I’m dying. I really do.
Phoebe: Oh, poor baby.
Ross:  Tell my son that I love him.  Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
Emily: Ross, they are killing you out there!
Ross:  That’s not true!
Phoebe: She’s right! You have to stop!
Ross: What? No! No, I’m not stopping. I’m Red Ross!
Joey: Dude, if you go back out there, you’re gonna be Dead Ross!
Ross: I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!
Emily: All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
Ross: No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
Emily: No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
Ross: I like that.
Emily: Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
Ross: Huh?
Emily: One swift kick and he’ll back off.
Ross: All right, bad ankle, got it!
Emily: And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn’t wear a cup.
Ross: Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
Emily: And uh, Liam, Liam’s got bad knees. You hit him right and he’ll go down like a lamp.
Ross: But-but, Liam’s on my team.
Emily: I don’t care! You just get him!
Ross: I’m gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! 
Joey: The Red Ross! Okay.


[Date: February 27, 1998, Session #566]

Phoebe: Now, are you sure you don’t want to go see a doctor?
Ross: Oh no! That-that’ll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y’know what? I’m buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it’s in my pocket.
Joey: Yeah, sure.
Ross: No, not you. 
Joey: Uhh, look, your eye’s still popping out a little, I’m gonna go get some ice.
Phoebe: Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! 
Emily: You were amazing out there.
Ross: Oh, I kinda was, wasn’t I?
Emily: Oh my God!
Ross: I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s Porsche with rocks.
Emily: You really enjoyed yourself didn’t you?
Ross: Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud of it but, I really am. And it’s all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
Emily: I think you’ve got concussion.
Ross: No, no, I’m serious. Thank you.
Emily: You’re welcome.  I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?
Ross: It’s worth the pain.  Y’know what, you know what? It’s not.


[Date: March 19, 1998, Session #567]

Chandler: What are you writing?
Rachel: Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Chandler: Oh yeah?  Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you  never go out of style—what did you throw away?
Chandler: Hi guys!
All: Hey!
Joey: Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Ross: Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
Chandler: Without me?!
Emily: My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.
Ross: Yeah.
Emily: They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that! 
Monica: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.
Emily: I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there.  It’s a joke. 
Ross: Bye. 
Emily: Right, I’ve got to be off, I’ll see ya. Buh-bye then. 
Joey: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Ross: Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes.  She’s leaving in two days, I don’t have to do it.
Monica: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Ross: Yeah, she’s got to go back to London. But you know what? I’ve been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that’s it. Y’know.
Joey: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
Chandler: Yes, but in Ross’s case, they both know in two weeks that’s it.
Ross: Pheebs!
All: Hey!
Ross:  Hello! Hello!
Phoebe:  Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got nauseous.
Chandler: Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck!
Phoebe: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
Joey: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
Phoebe: That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow too.


[Date: March 20, 1998, Session #568]

Rachel: Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Joey: Yeah, what’ going on?
Rachel: We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said he’s not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him! 
Ross: Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right? I mean, she’s going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I’ve got a whole special evening planned. So I’m sorry, no party.
Joey: Awwww!
Emily:  Hello?
Rachel: Surprise!!!
Chandler and Joey: Surprise!!
Emily: No one’s ever thrown me a surprise party before!
Rachel: Well, it was all Ross’s idea.
Emily: You’re so sweet! And I’m so surprised!
Ross: You really didn’t know?
Chandler: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? 
Rachel: Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s looking over here, say something funny.
Chandler: Like what?
Joey: What-what-what is so funny?
Chandler: I said, "Like what?"
Joey: Now that’s a thinker.
Rachel: Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries.  Okay. Okay.  Hi!
Joshua: Hi!
Rachel: Care for a cherry?
Joshua: Oh, no thanks.
Rachel: No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
Joshua: You okay?  You all right? 
Ross:  So we should probably get going soon.
Emily: Oh, but the party’s only just getting started!
Ross: Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Plaza for dinner.
Emily: So why did you plan a party at the same time?
Ross: No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It’s usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I’m so surprised—good-bye!"
Emily: But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Ross: Monica said that did she? 
Phoebe: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Joey: A little salami.
Phoebe: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Joey: Pastrami.
Phoebe: Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.
Rachel: Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?
Joey: Yeah. 
Rachel: Up!
Monica: You changed?
Rachel: Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
Monica: And lucky means, more cleavage?
Chandler: Does for me.
Rachel: Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Joey: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
Rachel: What?
Joey: There was a seen in Footloose...
Chandler: Flashdance.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl…
Chandler: She was a welder.
Joey: What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Monica: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Rachel: It’s not Christmas!
Monica: Or Spin the Bottle?
Rachel: He’s not 11!
Emily:  Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
Rachel: What? You’re leaving?!
Ross: Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Joshua: Uhh, yeah, I think I’m going to take-off too.
Rachel: No! You guys can’t leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Ross: What big thing?
Rachel:  So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther.  All right. Who wants to go first?
Emily: I’ll go.
All: Yay!
Joey: Welcome to America. 
Monica: Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now! 
Rachel: Yay! Emily!
Chandler: What are the odds? What are the odds?
Ross:  Okay, that-that’s enough! Y’know, let’s, let’s let someone else play.
Joey: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?
Rachel: Okay, my turn!!
 Rachel squeals in delight and starts a slow sexy crawl over to Joshua, making sure he and everyone else watching gets a good look at her cleavage.)
Phoebe: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!
All: Ohh!
Rachel: It’s okay! It’s okay! It kicked once, it’ll kick again!
All: Oh my God!
Rachel: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
Rachel: Just a bug.


[Date: March 20, 1998, Session #569]

Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: There’s a Phoebe on my sandwich! 
Joey: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
Phoebe: I can’t help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
Joey: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really hot?
Phoebe: Yeah, totally!
Joey: All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong,  do it right!
Joey: Feel better now?
Phoebe: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows.
Joey: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
Phoebe: What?
Joey: Well, I eat a lot of meat right?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Joey: Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals.
Phoebe: Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me.
Joey: Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?
Ross: Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
Emily: But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a skit.
Monica: Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Rachel: No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn’t working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
Monica: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—, actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Joshua: Hey!
Rachel: Hi!
Joshua: Nice uh, costume.
Rachel: Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay!  Ready! Okay! Gimme an ‘E!’
All: E!
Rachel: Gimme an ‘M!’
All: M!
Rachel: Gimme an ‘I!’
All: I!
Rachel: Gimme an ‘L!’
All: L!
Rachel: Gimme a ‘Y!’
All: Y!
Rachel: What do you get?  Emily!!  Emil—Whoa!!  Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! 
Joey and Monica: Are you all right?
Rachel: I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me.  What do I do now? What do I do now?
Monica: I think you’re done.
Joey: Okay, time to take off the bra. 
Joshua: Umm, that was really great, but I-I gotta take-off actually.
Joey:  Take the bra off.
Rachel: All right, come on, let’s go get your coat.
Joshua: Okay.
Gunther: Rachel is my girlfriend.
Joshua: So, this was uh, really fun.
Rachel: Oh, yeah! Real fun.  Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me.  Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? 
Joshua: Need uh, need a little hand there.
Rachel: Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
Joshua: You really don’t seem like you do. That’s…
Rachel: Ughhhh!! Forget it!  This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
Joshua: Well, what was supposed to happen?
Rachel: Can you not look at me when I say this?  I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Joshua: Huh. Oh, boy!  Uhh, I-I don’t wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
Rachel: Well, I’m sorry, I thought you needed them!
Joshua: No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.
Rachel: Why?!
Joshua: Because I-I like you.
Rachel: You like me?
Joshua: Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and sophisticated—a lot of this isn’t based on tonight.
Rachel: Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can’t believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
Joshua: But…
Rachel: Oh no-no-no don’t say but! No-no, but’s never good! Let’s just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
Joshua: Okay uh, however…
Rachel: Oh, now see that’s a fancy but.
Joshua: My marriage like just ended, and I’m really not ready to get into anything yet.
Rachel: But….
Joshua: I’m sorry, I, I just need a little time.
Rachel: Okay.


[Date: March 20, 1998, Session #570]

Rachel: Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua’s gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Ross: That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it’s too late to do any of the things I had planned, so…
Rachel: Oh, Ross, I’m sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Ross: Helps a little.
Rachel: Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
Ross: Yeah, have a seat.
Rachel: I’m so sorry.
Ross: That’s okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn’t want it to end this way, y’know?
Rachel: Well, maybe you didn’t want it to end?
Ross: What do you mean?
Rachel: You seem to really like her.
Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.
Rachel: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.
Ross: You think?
Rachel: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross: Hey, you’re right.
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: Thanks.  What photo album was it?
Rachel: I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Ross: Oh my God! Those weren’t albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach! 
Rachel: Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Rachel: You’re a pathetic loser, right?
Chandler: Oh-ho, yeah!
Rachel: Sit!
Joshua: Hi. 
Rachel: Oh my gosh, Joshua!
Joshua: All those things I said about not being ready…
Rachel: They’re not true?
Joshua: No, they’re-they’re all true.
Rachel: Oh.
Joshua: But…
Rachel: Oh! Oh, I love that but.
Rachel: You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Joshua: Yeah.
Rachel: Okay.  Every time.


[Date: March 26, 1998, Session #571]

Ross: Hi.
Monica: Hi.
Ross: So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
Monica: Oh. Why didn’t you take her?
Ross: Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y’know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so…
Monica: You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
Ross:  Nah.
Monica: Hey, cheer up! You’re gonna see her again, right?
Ross: Well I, that’s the thing, I don’t know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said,  "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let’s just enjoy…"
Monica:  No-no-no, don’t-don’t do the accent. You’ve got to see her again.
Ross: And why do you care so much?
Monica: Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
Ross: You had fantasies about Emily?
Monica: No! Y’know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Ross: Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Monica: Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Ross: Ahh.
Monica: Do you love her?
Ross: We said it was only going to be two weeks, y’know?
Monica: You love her!
Ross: What-what is love really?
Monica: Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You’re probably just gonna catch her just as she’s about to go to the gate. You’re gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she’s gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
Ross: I am a good kisser.
Monica: Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in…  I’ve been watching too much porn.


[Date: March 26, 1998, Session #572]

Ticket Agent:  This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
Ross: Emily! 
Emily: Oh my God! What are you doing here? 
Ross: I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.
Emily: You are so sweet. 
Ross: That’s, that’s, that’s a big candy bar.  I had the most amazing time with you.
Emily: Me too.
Ticket Agent: This is the final boarding call for Flight 009.
Emily: Well, that’ me.  Here, have this.  I’m only allowed one piece of carryon anyway. 
Ross:  Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I’ve been thinking, I’m just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
Emily: Oh.  Thank you. 
Ross: That’s no problem.


[Date: March 26, 1998, Session #573]

Rachel: What’s that song? It has been in my head all day long.
Chandler: It’s the theme from Good Will Humping.
Rachel: Y’know who doesn’t even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.
Joey: Yeah right.
Rachel: No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Chandler: Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Rachel: Yes!
Joey: Yeah, he likes porn.
Monica: Where ya going?
Rachel: I’m going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny.  Hey, Pheebs!
Phoebe: Hey.
Joey: Hey!
Monica: How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Phoebe: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you  about, ‘cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Chandler: They don’t really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Ross: I did.
Monica: And well, what did she say?
Ross: Thank you.
Monica: Oh, you’re totally welcome! What’d she say?
Ross: She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
Chandler: Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Joey: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
Ross: What do I do now?
Joey: You play hard to get.
Ross: She already lives in London.
Joey: Then you go to Tokyo.
Chandler: All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it’s over.
Monica: It is not over! You’re over!
Chandler: What?
Monica: You know!
Chandler: Okay.  Good one.
Monica: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn’t, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go! 
Ross: Okay! Okay! But if she doesn’t call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y’know just to she what’s going on, and, and she says she’ll call me back, but then she doesn’t. Then it’s over.
Joey: Way to be strong, man!


[Date: March 27, 1998, Session #574]

Ross:  Hello?
Emily: Ross.
Ross: Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?
Emily: It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.
Ross: No, no, that-that, that’s all right. Umm, I’m just glad you called.
Emily: Ross umm, there’s something that I’ve got to tell you, there’s-there’s someone else.
Ross: Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?


[Date: March 28, 1998, Session #575]

Ross: She doesn’t know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.
Monica: This isn’t how it’s supposed to go, there can’t be another guy.
Ross: Well…
Monica: Of course there’s another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
Ross: I’m not proving anything. Okay, I’m done listening to you. If I hadn’t let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would’ve put my fist through the wall!
Chandler: You put your fist through the wall?
Ross: No, I missed and hit the door. But, it opened really hard!
Monica: You have to go to London!
Ross: What?
Monica: Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
Joey: Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. ‘Cause you already told her you love her and she didn’t say it back, then she called you and told you that there’s another guy, so yeah, go to London that’ll scare her!
Monica: When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Ross: I made fun of his accent.
Monica: You sat back and let him have her, you didn’t fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
Ross: No.
Monica: All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily!  That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
Ross: Really?
Monica: Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don’t let her go without a fight!
Ross: All right. All right, I’m gonna do it!
Monica: All right.
Ross: I’m gonna, I’m gonna go to London and I’m going to fight for her.
Monica: Okay, good luck!
Joey: Ross! Ross! If you’re going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars? 


[Date: March 28, 1998, Session #576]

Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I’m gonna open up my own massage place and Frank’s gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn’t have to quit school!
Monica: That’s sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Rachel: Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised…
Phoebe: I’m telling it! I’m telling it!
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I’ve got?
Chandler: A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Phoebe: No! Think about it, it’s a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it’s…
Rachel:  Relaxi-Taxi!
Phoebe: The name was my favourite part!
Rachel: Well, well I can up with it!
Phoebe: YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That’s not good.
Rachel: Well, I…
Monica: Hello.
Ross:  Hey.
Monica: Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
Ross: No, because she hasn’t come home yet. And she hasn’t been home all night! She’s obviously staying with that other guy, and I’m the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Monica: All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
Ross: About four hours.
Monica: Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn’t show up by then, then just come on home.
Phoebe: Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that’s better than Relaxi Cab.
Rachel: Okay, it’s not Relaxi Cab. It’s Relaxicab, like taxicab.
Phoebe: Oh, that is better.


[Date: March 28, 1998, Session #577]

Chandler: Are we in London?
Monica: What are you doing here? You can’t be here!
Emily: I’ve uh, I’ve come to talk to Ross.
Emily: What?
Joey:  Nothing. No, nothing.
Emily: I was going to call him, but…
Monica: Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it!  I was right!  I’m right, right?
Emily: I’d really rather talk to him.
Monica: Oh.
Emily: I uh, I’ve been to his apartment and he wasn’t there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
Emily: Ross, are you there? Ross, I don’t know if you can hear this but…  I’m gonna talk anyway, uh, I’m in the States with you sister and your friends and it’s all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you—Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
Ross:  I love you too! I’m, I’m gonna call you right now from the phone booth!  You can’t hear me. 
Emily: I wish I could know if you’d heard any of that. I suppose I’ve either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you’re listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there’s not much chance you did heard that, and there’s the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well.  Hello.
Ross: Hi.
Emily: Ross, I love you!
Ross: Ohh! Thank you.


[Date: April 2, 1998, Session #578]

Emily: I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribly traumatised?
Ross: Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
Emily:  Ohh, it’s time to go.
Ross: Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Emily: Well that’s ambitious.
Ross: Hey, uh, you can ignore that.
Emily: That’s Carol with your son!
Ross: Uhh, believe me when he’s older, he’ll understand.
Carol:  Ross!
Ross: I’ll be right there.   Hello!  Hello!  Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Susan: Hey, it’s so nice to finally meet you!
Emily: Me too!
Carol: Ohh, y’know, Susan’s gonna be shooting a commercial in London next week.
Susan: Oh yeah, I’m so excited, I’ve never been there.
Emily: Oh, well, I’ll show you around.
Susan: That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions…
Emily: Oh, there’s tonnes of terrific stuff—I’ll go with you!
Susan: Ahh!
Ross: Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so…
Emily: Are you all right?
Susan: Oh, he’s fine. He’s fine. It’s just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn’t like me.
Ross: Oh come on! That’s-that’s… true.


[Date: April 9, 1998, Session #579]

Ross: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: So uh, Emily called last night…
Chandler: And now you’re giving me the message!
Ross: Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re going to dinner! They’re going horseback riding!
Phoebe: God, Susan is so fun!
Ross: Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was: "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
Chandler: You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Ross: Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful—didn’t you see Personal Best?
Joey: No, but I’m gonna!
Chandler: Hi! Hi! You’re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Ross: How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
Phoebe: Yeah, I definitely. I don’t like the name Ross.
Ross: What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.
Phoebe: No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
Ross: Oh. What’s wrong with Ross?
Phoebe: Well, it’s just y’know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y’know…
Ross: Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend’s a lesbian. 
Phoebe: So, I decided I’m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Joey: Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Chandler: Raymond Chandler.
Joey: Someone you didn’t make up!
Chandler: Okay, there are no famous Joey’s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Joey: Yeah, that guy really hurt us.
Phoebe: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?
Chandler: Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he’ll never be President. There’s never gonna be a President Joey.
Joey: All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s barely even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like chandelier, but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid, stupid non-name!
Chandler: Wow, you’re, you’re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Joey: I’m sorry man, I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. 
Chandler: Okay.
Joey: So I guess it’s Joey then!


[Date: April 9, 1998, Session #580]

Ross:  Hey!
Carol: Hey! How’s Ben?
Ross: Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he’s sweeping. 
Carol: Hey, Ben! Hey!
Ross: So umm, any word from Susan?
Carol: Ooh, yeah! She said she’s having sooo much fun with Emily.
Ross: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don’t know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
Carol: What’s too much fun?
Ross: Y’know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.
Carol: Oh my God, you are so paranoid!
Ross: Am I?!
Carol: Yes!
Ross: Am I?!
Carol: I can’t speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.
Ross: Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y’know? Say-say they’re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they’re laughing, y’know, someone innocently touches someone else… There’s electricity, it’s new. It’s exciting. Are you telling me there isn’t even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Carol: Maybe.
Ross: OH MY GOD!! I didn’t really believe it until you just said it!!


[Date: April 9, 1998, Session #581]

Monica: So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Rachel: Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Monica: Oh, no!
Rachel: No, it’s all right. I got nice boobs. 
Ross:  So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Rachel: So?
Ross: So! Poetry? Susan’s gay! They’re being gay together!
Monica: Emily’s straight.
Ross: Oh, wake up!
Phoebe: Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Ross: Excuse me?
Phoebe: Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant.  All right, so I don’t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Ross: Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Rachel: Huh.
Ross: What?
Rachel: She’s totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
Monica: This totally makes sense!
Ross: It does not!
Monica: Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren’t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Phoebe: All right, all right, so up until ‘92-93 he was very trusting, then ’94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely!
Monica: This is so much fun!
Ross: This is not fun!
Monica: Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Phoebe: Yeah. The ’92 Ross wouldn’t.
Ross: Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Rachel: What—yeah—what, y’know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.


[Date: April 10, 1998, Session #582]

Ross: Nice luggage.
Carol: I was gonna say…
Susan: Hey!
Ross: Hi!
Emily: Hey! I missed you.
Ross: Oh, I missed you too.
Susan:  Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
Emily: Oh, so did I.
Ross:  No tongue. 

[Date: April 12, 1998, Session #583]

Emily: Oh, blimey, I still can’t believe you’ve got an earring!
Ross: Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe? 
Emily: He does that?!
Ross: Uh, I don’t know, whatever.
Emily: I think it makes you look really dangerous.
Ross: Oh, I know. Y’know what, I never would’ve gotten this if it weren’t for you. No really, when I’m with you I’m-I’m like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Emily: I love both of you!
Ross: Yeah?
Emily: I wish I didn’t have to go.
Ross: Then don’t. Stay here. Just don’t go so soon to London, just one more day.
Emily: Ohh, Ross, please!
Ross: One more day, seriously/
Emily: Don’t do this to me, again. You’d know I’d stay here in a minute, but I’d really miss so much work, they’ll fire me.
Ross: So, then you can stay as long as you want.
Emily: I wish I could.
Ross: Oh no. Don’t, don’t, don’t start packing. Come on! 
Emily: I don’t think you understand packing. Look, I just don’t want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.
Ross: Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
Emily: You didn’t!
Ross: No. No, I didn’t. I didn’t want to be that guy.


[Date: April 12, 1998, Session #584]

Joey: Come on!
Chandler:  Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
Gunther: Good one.
Joey: Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Chandler: Forget it! Okay, I’m not giving up the apartment.
Joey: Oh come—look, when I was a kid my dad’s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn’t in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Ross:  Hey, guys! 
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Oh my God!
Joey: We don’t make enough fun of you already?
Ross: Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
Chandler: You do know that Wham broke up?
Ross: I like it, and Emily likes it, and that’s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Joey: Oh-no, don’t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
Chandler: Where is Emily?
Ross: Ugh, she’s saying good-bye to her uncle.
Chandler: Man, didn’t she like just get here?
Ross: Yeah!! Yeah!
Chandler: Easy tiger.
Ross: I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it’s-it’s so great. But at the same time I’m thinking, "Well, I’m gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Chandler: So what are you going to do?
Ross: Nothing! There’s nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she’d have to uh, move here. She should move here!
Joey: What?
Ross: I could ask her to live with me!
Chandler: Are you serious?
Ross: I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Chandler: Because you’ve only known her for six weeks! Okay, I’ve got a carton of milk in my fridge I’ve had a longer relationship with!
Ross: Look guys, when I’m with her it’s-it’s-it’s like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y’know?
Chandler: And I love the milk! But, I’m not gonna some British girl to move in with me!  Joey, you say things now.
Joey: All right look, Ross, he’s right. Emily’s great, she’s great! But this way too soon, you’re only gonna scare her!
Ross: I don’t want to do that.
Joey: No! You don’t want to wreck it, you don’t want to go to fast!
Ross: Yeah, no, you’re right, I know, you’re right, I’m not, I’m not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys. 
Chandler: Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.


[Date: April 12, 1998, Session #585]

Ross: Hey!
Emily: I packed while you were gone. I left some knickers under your pillow.
Ross:  Move in with me.
Emily: What?!
Ross: Don’t be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it’s too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Emily: Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.
Ross: I know.
Emily: My job!
Ross: Well, so, you-you’ll get a job here! I mean, I’m always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Emily: Yeah, but it-it-it’s my whole life—you come to England.
Ross: No, I can’t. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can’t leave him. Isn’t—you don’t think there’s any way?
Emily: Ohh, I don’t think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future –and-and-and we were getting married or something.
Ross: What?
Emily: Oh no, no, right I shouldn’t have said married. Uh, please don’t go freaky on me. I didn’t mean it. Well, I didn’t say it; I take it back!
Ross: No, no, don’t. Why don’t we?
Emily: Why don’t we what?
Ross: Get married.
Emily: You are mad!
Ross: No! No! I’m not! It’s-it’s-it’s perfect! I mean it’s better than you just-just moving here, ‘cause it’s us together forever, and that’s-that’s what I want.
Emily: We’ve only known each other for six weeks!
Ross: Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who’s-who’s to say? Does that me we-we can’t do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn’t it?
Emily: My parents are going to be really mad.
Ross: Is that—are you saying yes? Is that yes?
Emily: Yes.
Emily: Yes!
Ross: Yes! We’re getting married?!
Emily: Oh my God!
Ross: Yes!
Emily: We’re getting married!
Ross: Come here, come here. Uh,  ow! Emily, will you marry me?
Emily: Yes.
Emily: Ohh, it’s a bit small.
Ross: Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
Emily: It was.
Commerical Break


[Date: April 12, 1998, Session #586]

Chandler: Those were like the best seats ever.
Joey: Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y’know, kinda like a peace offering.
Chandler: Oh yeah, that’s very nice. Plus, y’know they were free and they’re too small.
Chandler: Oh. Oh, God! 
Joey: Hey, want a beer?   WHOA!!!!
Chandler: I KNOW!!!
Chandler: Open up! Open up! Open up!
Monica: We’ll discuss it, in the morning! 
Chandler: What the hell is going on?!
Rachel: We took our apartment back!! 
Phoebe:  I had nothing to do with it.   Okay, it was my idea, but I don’t feel good about it.
Chandler: We are switching back, right now!
Monica: No, we’re not! We’re not leaving!
Chandler: Well, you’re gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we’re switching it back! There’s nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
Joey: I don’t know.
Chandler: What?
Joey: I don’t want to move again!
Chandler: I don’t care, this is our apartment! And they stole—you stole it—our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I’m getting back right now!
Rachel: All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can’t offer anything to us!
Rachel: Let us keep the apartment and…
Monica: As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Chandler: Totally worth it!
Joey: That was one good minute!
Chandler: Good night.
Joey: Good night.
Monica: Men are such idiots.
Rachel: Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Phoebe: That’s so funny to think if you’d just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Monica: Yeah, let-let-let’s pretend that’s not true.
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: Okay, scarf’s done. 
Ross: Come on! Come on. Come on.
Chandler: Okay!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Monica: What-what’s going on?
Joey: Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
Ross: Uhh, okay, it’s uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.
Phoebe: What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
Emily: Umm, no.
Monica: When, when did—how, how did you…
Ross: We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
Emily: I mean, we know it’s a bit hasty but, uh, it just feels so right, so…
Ross:  Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys…
Rachel: Yeah, I-I heard.  I think it’s great!  Ohh, I’m so happy for you!
Chandler: Oh, well, that’s great!
Joey: Yeah! Yeah!
Monica:  I can’t believe you’re getting married!
Ross: Yeah. 
Joey: Monica and Rachel made out. 


[Date: April 17, 1998, Session #587]

Chandler: Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please?  So uh, what do you do when you’re not working here?
Gunther: You don’t need to fill these silences.
Chandler: Oh, okay, thanks. 
Monica: Chandler, that’s like your fourth cup of coffee!
Chandler: Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Monica: He’s in a different room! He’s really that loud?
Joey:  Oh, you should here me.
Chandler: It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Joey: Look, I told ya, I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem, you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
Chandler: They don’t have those.
Joey: Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you’ve just had your first class!
Monica: Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over…
Joey: Ohhh, yeah!
Monica: He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Chandler: Next time you snore, I’m rolling ya over!
Joey: I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
Ross:  Hey guys!
Chandler: Hey, all right!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, the Olympics.
Monica: Have you guys picked a date yet?
Ross: Oh no, not yet.
Phoebe: I still cannot believe you’re engaged!  Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a loser.
Ross: Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Monica: Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I don’t care if those dishes sit in the sink until they’re all covered with—I’ll do them when I get home!
Ross: Yeah—oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London…
Phoebe: Already?!
Ross: Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, luckily there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m the groom, I’m not supposed to see the dress…
Monica: I’ll pick it up for you!
Ross: Thank you.
Monica: Okay.
Chandler: Oh, she’s got you running errands, y’know, picking up wedding dresses…  Wah-pah!
Ross: What’s wah-pah?
Chandler: Y’know, whipped! Wah-pah!
Joey: That’s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
Chandler: That’s what I did. Wah-pah!
Joey: You can’t do anything!


[Date: April 17, 1998, Session #588]

Rachel: Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Oh! It’s you.  Hi.
Ross: Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so…
Ross: So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: I know if you were getting married I’d feel, kinda….. y’know.
Rachel: Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I’m okay.
Ross: Yeah?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: All right, I just wanted to check.
Rachel: Oh, that’s sweet.
Ross: You’re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Rachel:  Uhh, hang in there?
Ross: Oh, no, I didn’t mean, uh…
Rachel: I mean maybe you didn’t hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
Ross: Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn’t realise that had become anything, yet.
Rachel: Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has—yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Ross: Oh. Yeah?
Rachel: Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y’know, emotionally, mentally, physically…
Ross: Wow, that’s-that’s-that’s incredible.
Rachel: I know isn’t it? It’s like I’m right there with Joshua.
Ross: Uh-huh.
Rachel: You are right there with Emily. And it’s y’know, it’s kinda like…. it’s a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
Ross: I gotta get to work.
Rachel: Oh yeah? Fine.
Ross: Hey, y’know, y’know what would make me really happy?
Rachel: Oh yeah, no, what’s that?
Ross: If like the four of us could all y’know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily’s coming into town this weekend, why don’t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Rachel: That would be great!
Ross: Yeah, all right, it’s a date. 
Rachel:  Hang in there. You hang in there. 
Ross:  Did you say something?
Rachel: No, just singing. 


[Date: April 18, 1998, Session #589]

Joey: This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!
Chandler: It’s 6:00.
Joey: Yeah, well…
Rachel:  Hi!
Chandler: Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that’s, I think that’s really cool.
Joey: Yeah, Rach, I think you’re handling that really well.
Rachel: Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There’s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn’t for me and Joshua. Y’know, they’re not gonna get married anyway!
Chandler: What?
Rachel: Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off. I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.
Chandler: Yeah, well, I don’t dance at weddings.
Rachel: Why not?
Chandler: Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this… 
Ross: Hey man.
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Chandler: Nothing.
Rachel: Nothing.
Joey: I am…  free!
Ross: Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month!
Joey and Chandler: What?!
Ross: Yep!
Rachel: In a month?
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: You mean, you mean 30 days?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: From now?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Well, that’s great.
Ross: Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it’s going to be torn down, so… I mean, I-I know it’s crazy, but everything up ‘til now has been so crazy, and I don’t know, this just feels right. Y’know?
Joey:  Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating!  This isn’t mine.


[Date: April 18, 1998, Session #590]

Rachel:  Well, I just called Joshua…
Phoebe: Oh, how did it go?
Rachel: Well, I did my best to convince him that I’m not some crazy girl who is dying to get married—I’m just going through a hard time.
Phoebe: What did he say?
Rachel: Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Monica: Ohh, sweetie!  Hey, I bet you anything that he’s gonna call you again.
Rachel: Yeah, maybe, but I don’t think I even care. I don’t think he’s the one I’m sad about. Y’know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don’t think I’m handling it all that well.
Phoebe: Yeah, maybe.
Rachel: And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Phoebe: Any luck?
Rachel: Well, yeah, y’know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Monica: Again. Y’know what? I think we all did.
Ross:  Hey!
Monica: Hey! 
Ross: So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?
Rachel: Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.
Ross: Oh, see I-I don’t know if we’re gonna be hungry at three.
Rachel: Three people. Joshua’s not gonna be there.
Ross: What happened?
Rachel: Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.
Ross: Noo. Why?
Rachel: Well, apparently he scares easy.
Ross: Oh, Rachel, I’m-I’m sorry.
Rachel: It’s okay. Sometimes, things don’t work out the way you’d thought they would.
Ross: Come here.
Rachel:  Oh, hey, don’t you have to go pick up Emily?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: You okay?
Rachel: Yeah! I got my girls.
Rachel: Ugh. 
Phoebe:  Hey, y’know what might cheer you up?
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Y’know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
Monica: Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time.  Maybe someday, there will be.
Monica: Oh God! He’s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Rachel: Oh, okay! 
Monica: No-no, Rachel, don’t get it! He can’t see us!
Phoebe: No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Rachel: I’m not gonna marry Chandler!
Phoebe: Not after this!
Rachel: Okay, you guys, just relax.  I doooo. 
Joshua: I gotta go.
Rachel: Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua!   Yeah, well, that oughta do it.


[Date: April 24, 1998, Session #591]

Emily: So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
Ross: Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he’s so cheap, he’d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough? 
Emily: Yeah, they’re fine.
Ross: Yeah?
Emily: If anyone asks, we’ll just say Ben addressed them.  Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
Ross: Sure. Why not?
Emily: Really?
Ross: Yeah?
Emily: I don’t think I’d be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.
Ross: Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn’t invite her?
Emily: Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it’s absolutely your decision.  More tea?
Ross: Yeah sure.
Emily: Earl Grey?
Ross: Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want.


[Date: April 25, 1998, Session #592]

Ross: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! 
Monica: Rachel?!
Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Monica: Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Rachel: Hi, sure!
Ross: Hi.


[Date: September 23, 1994, Session #593]

Ross: You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Rachel: I knew.
Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Rachel: I did.
Ross: Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here—but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Rachel: Yeah, maybe...
Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will...


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #594]

Ross:  See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: I do.
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great. 
Joey: It's never gonna happen.


[Date: November 3, 1994, Session #595]

Ross: Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Okay. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Rachel: Ohhh!!!! 
Ross: Yes, yes, that's right...
Rachel: Oh, look at the little cat!  Look at it!
Ross: What?  Ow!
Monica, Joey, and Phoebe:  I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...


[Date: October 22, 1994, Session #596]

Rachel: All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Rachel:  Yes! Did you see that?
Ross: You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Rachel: I could not have done this without you.
Ross: Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine.


[Date: November 13, 1995, Session #597]

Ross: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Rachel:  What?
Ross: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Rachel: Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Ross: The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Rachel: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Ross: Fine.
Rachel: 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Ross: Good.
Rachel: Good. 


[Date: February 14, 1997, Session #598]

Rachel: Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at. I mean. if you don’t get that...
Ross: No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.
Rachel: Well neither do I!
Ross: Is this about Mark?
Rachel:  Oh my God.
Ross: Okay, it’s not, it’s not.
Rachel: Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’re making this too hard.
Ross: Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Rachel: I don’t know, I don’t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Ross: Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break,  let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some frozen yogart, or something.. 
Rachel: No.  A break from us.


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #599]

Chloe: Do I know why we’re rushing?
Ross: Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?  Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Chloe: That’s so great for you guys!
Ross: Yeah!
Chloe: Good luck, with your girlfriend.
Ross: Oh, thank you.  Hey, hey.  Rachel!!!!
Rachel: Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Ross: Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
Rachel: So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Ross: Yes, you can, very much.
Ross:  Ahhhh!! 


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #600]

Rachel:  Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Ross: No!!
Rachel: Just get out! Now!!
Ross: No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Rachel: Okay! All right! How was she?
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Ross: What?
Rachel: Was she good?
Joey: Don’t answer that.
Rachel: Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let’s talk about it!! How was she?
Ross: She was...
Joey: Awful! Horrible!
Chandler: She was not good. Not good.
Joey: She was nothing compared to you.
Ross: She, she was different.
Joey: Ewwwww!
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Rachel: Good different?
Ross: Nobody likes change.
Ross: What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #601]

Rachel:  ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”  Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ross: WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!


[Date: March 20, 1998, Session #602]

Rachel: You seem to really like her.
Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.
Rachel: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.
Ross: You think?
Rachel: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross: Hey, you’re right.
Rachel: Yeah.


[Date: June 10, 1995, Session #603]

Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Ross: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Rachel: Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?


[Date: June 11, 1995, Session #604]

Ross: Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Rachel:  She didn't hang up either...
Ross:  Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y—


[Date: November 13, 1995, Session #605]

Ross: Rach, I got a message from you.
Rachel: Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . 
Ross: You're over me?
Rachel: Ohhhhhhhh God. 
Ross: Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Rachel: Ohh, ohh.
Ross: When, when were you... under me?
Rachel: Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Ross: OK, I need to lie down.


[Date: November 17, 1995, Session #606]

Joey: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Rachel: Oh, god.
Chandler and Joey: Ohhh.


[Date: February 10, 1996, Session #607]

Ross: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Rachel: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.
Rachel: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Ross: What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.


[Date: February 20, 1997, Session #608]

Ross: Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn’t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Gunther: I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?


[Date: May 18, 1997, Session #609]

Ross: Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?
Rachel: Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
Ross: You still love me?
Rachel: Noo.
Ross: What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Rachel: Noo! Maybe! I, I don’t know.
Ross: What?!
Rachel: I just, I feel, I-I just...


[Date: May 19, 1997, Session #610]

Rachel: Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Ross:  FINE BY ME!! 
Rachel: And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!


[Date: February 7, 1996, Session #611]

Mrs. Geller: Rachel's coming up the path.  Doesn't she look pretty. Jack... 
Rachel: Oh my God.
Monica: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
All: Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Mrs. Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Mr. Geller: Wait, how do you zoom out?  There she is.
Monica: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Chandler: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Monica: Oh, dad, turn it off.
Mr. Geller: It is off.  Right Ross? 
Joey: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Rachel: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Monica: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Mrs. Geller:  I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
Ross: Y'know what?  I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
All: No, no, no.
Ross: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
Mr. Geller: C'mon kid, let's go.
Mrs. Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome.
Mr. Geller: Let's show 'em.
Ross:  Okay dad.
Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no. 
Rachel, Monica, Roy, and Chip: Bye.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Monica:  I can't believe you did that.
Ross: Yeah, well.
Phoebe: See, he's her lobster.
Monica:  Nooooo. You’re really not going?
Rachel: Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’know it’s just, it’s for the best, y’know it is, it’s… Y’know, plus, somebody’s got to stay here with Phoebe! Y’know she’s gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Monica: You don’t have a car. And your license expired.
Rachel: I know.  Yeah, see, there’s so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.


[Date: April 30, 1998, Session #612]

Phoebe:  That’s like the tenth time I’ve peed since I’ve been here!
Monica: That’s also like the tenth time you told us.
Phoebe: Yeah, oh I’m sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it’s a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I’m so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, ‘cause—Oh! I’m pregnant!
Ross: Pheebs, did…you want a cookie?
Phoebe:  Thank you so much.
Rachel: So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Phoebe: I haven’t really had any yet.


[Date: April 30, 1998, Session #613]

Ross: Hey guys!
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Hey!
Ross: All right, here’s the ring. 
Chandler:  Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
Ross: So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Chandler: Oh, it’s awkward. It’s awkward. It’s awkward.
Ross: I sort’ve already asked Chandler.
Joey: What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Ross: Joey, I figured you’d understand. I mean, I-I’ve known him a lot longer.
Joey: Come on Ross! Look, I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!
Chandler: You can be the best man when I get married.
Joey:  I’ll never get to be a best man!
Ross:  Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you—yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
Joey:  What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Chandler: I’m not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Joey: I can’t believe you’re not picking me.
Ross: Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
Chandler: I’m not even… I’m not even…
Ross: Fine, y’know what, that’s it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Joey: Yes!  Shame about you man.


[Date: May 1, 1998, Session #614]

Joey: This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Ross: Great. Great.
Joey: Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I’ve got you, me, and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause, well, we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.
Gunther: I’ll be there.
Joey: All right—oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Ross: Yeah. Tell ya what, let’s not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Joey: Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.
Chandler:  Hey guys, what are you doing?
Ross: Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
Chandler: Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Ross: Yeah, see, I don’t think it’s gonna that difficult considering this one won’t be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Chandler: Oh, I’m Ross. I’m Ross. I’m too good for the Hut; I’m too good for the Hut.
Ross: Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Joey: You got it.
Ross: Okay, see ya later.
Chandler: See ya.  Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
Joey: Well, there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.
Chandler: He just said, "No strippers."
Joey: Oh, I chose not to hear that.


[Date: May 2, 1998, Session #615]

Ross: Hey listen man, about the stripper…
Joey: Yeah?
Ross: Good call!
Chandler:  Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I’ve decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Gunther: What’s my last name?
Chandler: Central Perk?
Gunther:  Thanks for not marrying Rachel. 
Joey: Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. 
Ross: Hey-hey, what are those?
Joey: Oh, little party favours, check it out! 
Ross: Wow! Yeah!
Joey: Oh-oh! 
Chandler:  Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh,  so is the position of the bride.
The Stripper: Great!
Ross: Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck.  Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning.  Thanks Joey.
Joey: Oh, hey, don’t forget your shirt.
Ross: Oh, thanks! 
Joey: Okay, hey, museum geeks, party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right.  Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
The Stripper: Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
Joey: Yeah!
The Stripper: Wow, I didn’t know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
Joey: Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall.  Hardly move.  Be white. 
The Stripper: You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Joey: Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday…
The Stripper: Yeah, that would be great. So I guess umm, good night.
Joey: Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.
The Stripper: Yeah?
Joey: Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.


[Date: May 3, 1998, Session #616]

Joey: Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?
Ross:  Hey guys!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hey…
Ross: I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y’know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so…
Joey: So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that’s nice!
Ross: Yeah, right!
Joey: I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those…
Ross: That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Chandler: So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? 
Ross: Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
Chandler: So you might say, it’s a magic ring.
Joey:  Yeah, the stripper stole it.
Ross: My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Chandler: Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don’t you be my best man."
Ross:  All right-all right, fine! I-I’m gonna call the cops!
Joey: Dude, I screwed up, you don’t have to turn me in!
Ross: Not on you! On the stripper!
Joey: Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Ross: Okay, well, we’ll call the company that sent her!
Joey: I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they’d call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I’m missing a ring!"
Ross: So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there’s nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Joey: Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…
Chandler: Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Joey: Oh, that sounds like fun, but we’ve got a ring to find!!


[Date: May 3, 1998, Session #617]

Joey: All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won’t recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I.  You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I’ll be uh, Mr. Wong.
Ross: Diverse.
The Stripper: Did anybody call for security?
Chandler:  You be cool. 
The Stripper: Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk?  Hey, Joey?
Ross: Where’s my ring? My dead grandmother’s wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
Chandler: Way to be cool, man.
The Stripper: What’s he talking about?
Joey: There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
The Stripper: Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?
The Guys: Yeah!
Ross: We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
The Stripper: Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don’t need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Chandler: Marry me. 


[Date: May 3, 1998, Session #618]

Joey: If anything should happen to him…
Ross: Joey! The vet said it’s a simple procedure.
Joey: So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
Chandler: He will, Joe.
Joey: Yeah, but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
Joey: I’m so worried about him, y’know?
The Doctor:  Somebody lose a ring?
Ross: Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! 
Joey: H-h-h-how’s the duck?
The Doctor: He’s doing just fine, he’s resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.
Joey: Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
Ross: No, that’s all right.
Joey: No, it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Chandler: Hey, come on, it’s not your fault.
Joey: Yeah, it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring, right? Y’know what, Ross you were right from the start, he  should be your best man.
Chandler: No, you should.
Joey: Now, don’t argue with me…
Ross: Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.
Chandler: Really?
Joey: Really?
Ross: Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my… I mean, I’m lucky to have just one good… 
Chandler: Thanks man.
Joey:  I gotta go check something over here. 
Chandler: What a baby.
Ross: Total wuss!


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #619]

Monica: Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! 
Chandler: Six-hour trip to London. That’s a lot of Monica.
Monica: Passport, check!  Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check!
Rachel: Who are you saying "check" too?
Monica: Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check!  My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Ross:  Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Hey! Are you ready yet?
Monica: Yep! You got the tickets?
Ross: Oh! Got ‘em right here,  check!
Joey: It’s all London, baby! Here we go. 
Chandler: You got your passport?
Joey: Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.
Joey: Ohh!! 
Chandler: There it is.


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #620]

Monica: Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator…
Phoebe: Okay, okay, but Rachel’s gonna be here too, can’t I just ask her this stuff?
Monica: Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Chandler:  All right! Let’s do it!
Joey: Woo-hoo!!
Ross: Yeah, cheerie-o!
Joey: London baby!
Chandler: Okay, ‘cause that’s not gonna get annoying.
Joey:  London baby!!
Chandler: Hey, y’know what? I was wrong.
Ross: Well, we’re all here! I guess we should get going!
Phoebe: Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’t get up.
Ross: Oh, I’ll-I’ll come hug you.
Phoebe: Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Ross: Yeah. 
Phoebe: Oh, have a great wedding!
Ross: Thanks.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Chandler: Hey! 
Phoebe: Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it’s on the counter in your apartment.
Chandler: Oh. 
Ross:  So, we’re off.
Rachel: Have fun!
Ross: Thanks!  Ugh, I can’t believe you’re not gonna be there!
Rachel: Oh, I know.
Ross: So-so come! Why don’t you come?
Rachel: What?!
Ross: To London! Come to London. Please? It’ll mean so much to me.
Rachel: Yeah, well, I gotta work, I’m sorry.
Ross: Why-why can’t you take a couple of days off?
Rachel: Because, I can’t! Ross, I told you, no. I can’t.
Ross: This is my wedding.
Monica: All right, y’know what? We really are late! Let’s go! Let’s go! Let’s go!!
Ross: Fine. You’ll-you’ll watch it on video when we get back.
Chandler:  Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
Phoebe:  Thank you.
Ross: All right, let’s go! Bye, Pheebs!
Joey: Bye, Pheebs!
Joey: London baby!! 
Phoebe: Oh, do you need a hug? You don’t have to bring me anything!


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #621]

Emily: …and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren’t any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We’re not gonna be…
Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily,  honey, okay?
Emily: Well, up yours too!
Ross: What?! No! No! That’s-that’s time-out!
Emily: Sorry.
Ross: Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything’s gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
Monica: Chicken Kiev?
Ross: Um-hmm! Doesn’t that sound delicious at the last minute?
Monica: Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn’t have to worry about the salmonella.  So, I can’t wait to see this place you’re getting married!
Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily’s parents got married here.
Emily: I still can’t believe they’re tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you’ll ever see. I mean it’s over…  Oh my God!
Monica: It’s nice.
Emily: Oh. Oh. 
Emily:  Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
Ross: It’s all right! Everything’s gonna be all right.
Emily: How’s it gonna be all right?!
Ross: Uh-huh, I see that.
Monica:  Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
Ross: What? What?
Monica: They torn it down a few days early.


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #622]

Emily: Hello?
Ross: Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we’ll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Emily: We don’t have to.
Ross: Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
Emily: No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
Ross: She said what?
Emily: She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Ross: Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister’s teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh?  This isn’t right.
Emily: I realize that people are going to be disappointed. But, I’m sure they’ll come back when we can do it right.
Ross: I can’t ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? 
Emily: Don’t you point your pants at me!  We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked months ago, Ross don’t you understand? This is our wedding I’m talking about.
Ross: The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we’re getting married.
Emily: So what are you saying? It’s now or never?
Ross: No. I’m saying it’s now. 
Emily: Or?
Ross: There’s no ‘or’ in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
Emily: It’s not the pants. It’s you that is backwards. And if, and if you don’t understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn’t get married at all! 
Ross:  No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please—


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #623]

Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey. 
Joey: Oh.  Sorry!
Chandler: No-no-no, y’know what? I really shouldn’t have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn’t cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I’ve had a really lousy day.
Joey: Me too.
Chandler: Yeah?
Joey: Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!
Monica:  Hey!
Joey: Sh-shh-shh! 
Joey:  Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Fergie:  Okay, so umm, what’s your friend’s name?
Joey:  Oh, Chandler.
Fergie: Hi Chandler! 
Chandler: That’s… That’s was…
Monica: Oh my God!
Joey: That’s Fergie baby!!
Fergie: Joey says you don’t really like his hat, but I think it’s kinda dashing.
Chandler: How did you? How? How?
Joey: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and… Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Monica:  Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Ross: Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Monica: Umm…
Chandler: I’m gonna go to the bathroom.
Joey: Wait up! 
Ross: Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn’t want to have the wedding at all?
Monica: She said that?!
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Why?!
Ross: I don’t know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Monica: Oh my God. You’re even dumber than I am!
Ross: Excuse me?
Monica: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Ross: I don’t know. A month?
Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top.  Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross: I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Monica: Sometimes we were.
Ross: Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Monica: Okay.
Ross: Come on. 
Chandler: That was pretty intense huh?
Joey: Yeah.  Hey, I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Chandler:  I hope he did!


[Date: May 7, 1998, Session #624]

Emily: Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
Monica: You’ll see.
Emily: I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.
Emily: Oh God.
Ross: Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles…
Monica: And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and…  You go.
Ross: But-but, if you don’t love this, we’ll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it’s fine, whatever you want.
Emily: It’s perfect.
Ross: And, I don’t know, if it starts to rain…
Emily: Well then we’ll get wet. 
Monica: Ohh. And I don’t even have a date.


[Date: May 8, 1998, Session #625]

Monica: Hey.
Ross: Hi. Mom. Dad.
Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.
Mr. Geller:  Judy, the kids..
Mrs. Geller: Jack, that’s what they call the subway.
Mr. Geller: Ohh, I thought that you....
Ross and Monica: Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Emily: Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Mr. Waltham:  Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you.  Darling it’s the Gellers.   Darling, it’s the Gellers.  She’s very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Mrs. Waltham:  Sorry, what?
Mr. Waltham: It’s the Gellers!
Mrs. Waltham: Where?
Mr. Waltham: Well there’s one  and there’s another .
Mrs. Waltham: Lovely to meet you.
Mr. Waltham: Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding. 
Mr. Geller: Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we’re happy to do it.
Mrs. Geller: We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Monica: Ha ha, a joke that’s funny in all countries.


[Date: May 8, 1998, Session #626]

Waiter: Sir? 
Joey: What’s in it?
Waiter: Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta. 
Joey: That’s not food...No, I don’t, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Chandler: Joey, it’s been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Joey:  Your different here too. Your mean in England. 
Mr. Geller:  What the hell!!!
Ross: what’s up, Dad?
Mr. Geller: This bill for my half of the wedding. it’s insane.
Mrs. Geller: How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Mr. Geller:  Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I’m paying to remodel this guys house.  I’m going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
Ross: Dad, dad, please. Look I don’t want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is.  Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
Mr. Geller: And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Mrs. Geller: Ooh, Jack.... Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be. 
Monica:  And I’m going to go get drunk. 


[Date: May 8, 1998, Session #627]

Ross: Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
Mr. Waltham: Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.
Ross: I go back there with lawn ornaments, he’s going to laugh in my face.
Mrs. Waltham: This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement.  Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!!
Mr. Waltham: Don’t take that tone with me.  All-all right you can. 


[Date: May 8, 1998, Session #628]

Monica: I was laughing. 
Chandler: Out loud?
Monica: Well I didn’t want everyone to think I was stupid.
Chandler: So how are you doing?
Monica: My mother’s driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I’m happy.  I’m not going to let anything spoil that.
Drunk Man: I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
Monica: Well, thanks, we like him.
Drunk Man: My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him. 
Mr. Geller: There’s no way in hell, I’m paying for it.
Ross: Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
Mr. Geller: All-right fine, but I just want to say, I’m not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren’t for us, cheap little man. 
Chandler: The guy was hammered, okay? There’s no way, you look like Ross’s mother.
Monica: Then why would he say it?
Chandler: Because he’s crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Monica: Oh, my mother’s right. I’m never going to get married.
Chandler: Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn’t want you?
Monica: Ohh, Please?! I’m a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!


[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #629]

Ross:  I’m getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!
Chandler:  Morning, Ross.
Ross: I’m getting married, to..day!!
Chandler: Yeah you are!!
Ross: Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
Monica:  Do you think he knew I was here? 


[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #630]

Mrs. Geller:  Oh my God! It’s like a fairyland.
Mrs. Waltham: I know, it’s horrible isn’t it?
Monica: Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.
Mrs. Geller: I just hope...
Monica:  You can let some of them go by!
Joey:  Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I’ll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
Monica:  Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.
Joey: Okay. 
Ross:  I do. I do. I do.
Chandler: Oh yea, your right. It’s the second one.
Ross: Really?

[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #631]

Felicity: Hello Joey.
Joey: Hey, Felicity.
Felicity: Umm, I thought about you all day.
Joey: Yeah.
Felicity: Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.
Joey:  Fuggetaboutit.  How you doin?
Felicity: Mmm. 
Joey: Oh, yeah.
Mrs. Geller: There’s nothing to discuss. We’re not paying for your wine cellar.
Mr. Waltham:  You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
Mr. Geller:  Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
Ross: Dad!! 
Emily: What-what’s going on?!
Ross: Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.
Mr. Waltham: You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying?  You want a piece of me?
Ross: Okay! Okay! That’s it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day!   From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN!  That’s right!!
Mr. Geller: Okay, okay.
Mr. Waltham: Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry.  I could kill you with my thumb, you know.
Emily: What was all that about?
Ross:  It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.
Emily:  Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It’s bad luck.
Ross: You know what, I think we’ve had all the bad luck we’re going to have. 
Ross: My God. Rachel!  Your here. I can’t believe it.  What happen? Why are you here?
Rachel: Well I just came... I just needed to tell you... Congratulations. 


[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #632]

Mrs. Waltham:  Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Phoebe: Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It’s Phoebe again.
Mrs. Waltham:  Why?!
Phoebe: Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Mrs. Waltham:  Joey there’s a girl on the phone for you.
Joey:  Ohh great!!  Hello. 
Phoebe: Did you stop Rachel?
Joey: No, but it’s okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Phoebe: So nothing got ruined?
Joey: No.
Phoebe: Oh that’s so great! Ohh, so what’s going on now?
Joey: Ah, I’m-I’m walking down the aisle...Still walking.  I’m about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night.  Hey!  I told her "Hey." And now I’m at the front with Ross. It’s Phoebe.  He looks pretty mad. Uh...I’d better go.
Phoebe: No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen. 
Chandler: What we did last night was....
Monica: Stupid.
Chandler: Totally crazy stupid. 
Monica: What were we thinking?
Chandler: I’m coming over tonight though, right?
Monica: Oh yeah. Definitely.
Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
Emily: I, Emily...
Minster: Take thee Ross...
Emily: Take thee Ross...
Minster: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Emily: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.
Minster: Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
Ross: I Ross...
Minister: Take thee, Emily...
Ross: Take thee, Rachel... Emily.  Emily.
Minister:  Uhh...Shall I go on?

[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #633]

Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily.  Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
Ross: I Ross...
Minister: Take thee, Emily...
Ross: Take thee, Rachel... Emily.  Emily.
Minister:  Uhh...Shall I go on?
Rachel:  He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Emily: Yes, yes, do go on.
Minister: I think we’d better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross…
Ross: I, Ross…
Minister: Take thee, EM-I-LY…
Ross: Take thee,  Emily.  Like there’d be anybody else. 
Minister: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Ross: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. 
Minister: May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.  Ross, place this ring in Emily’s hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Ross: Happy too.
Minister: Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
Ross: Yay!
Minister: You may kiss the bride.
Mrs. Geller:  This is worse than when he married the lesbian.
Emily: Just keep smiling.
Ross: Okay.
Joey: Well, that went well. Yeah.
Chandler: It could’ve been worse, he could’ve shot her.
Ross:  That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn’t it?


[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #634]

Emily:  You’ve spoiled everything! It’s like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Joey:  Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Ross:  That-that-that’s all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I’ll be right out here.  She’s just fixing her makeup.
Emily: I hate you!!
Ross: And, I love you!! 
Mr. Geller: Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Ross: That’s true, thanks dad.  People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!! 
Mrs. Waltham: Yes, Waltham interiors.
Phoebe:  Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller’s personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Mrs. Waltham: Who?
Phoebe: Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women’s names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Mrs. Waltham: Oh my God, Phoebe.
Phoebe: No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
Phoebe: Hello?
Chandler: Hey.
Monica: Hey.
Chandler: Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I’m just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Monica: I know. How could we have let this happen?
Chandler: Seven times!
Monica: Ugh! Well, y’know, we were away…
Chandler: In a foreign, romantic country…
Monica: I blame London.
Chandler: Bad London! 
Monica: So look umm, while we’re st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Chandler: Well, I don’t see that we have a choice. But, when we’re back home, we don’t do it.
Monica: Only here.
Chandler: Y’know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs…
Monica: I’ll meet you there in two minutes.
Chandler: Okay!
Rachel: Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Monica:  Now?
Rachel: Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can’t pretend that didn’t happen can I?
Monica: Oh, I-I don’t know.
Rachel: Monica, what should I do?
Monica: Just uh, do the right thing. 
Rachel: What?
Monica: Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! 
Rachel: Whoa, wait, listen, I think I’m just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Monica: Wait. Rachel, no, he’s married. Married! If you don’t realize that, I can’t help you.
Rachel: Okay, you’re right. You’re right. You can’t help me.
Mrs. Geller: Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Mr. Waltham:  Yes.
Mr. Geller: Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there’s no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Joey: Hey, what’s up? 
Monica: Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Chandler: Forget it, that’s off.
Monica: Why?!
Mr. Waltham:  The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes…
Monica: Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!
Joey: Well, I figured we’re in another country, so it doesn’t count.
Monica: That’s true.
Chandler: The man’s got a point.
Rachel: Oh, hi!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: Hi. Sorry, things aren’t working out so well.
Ross: Oh no! It could be better, but it’s gonna be okay, right?
Rachel: Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she’s gonna get over this, y’know? I mean, so you said my name! Y’know you just said it ‘cause you saw me there, if you’d have seen a circus freak, you would’ve said, "I take thee circus freak." Y’know, it didn’t mean anything, it’s just a mistake. It didn’t mean anything. Right?
Ross: No! No! Of course it didn’t mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y’know, because-because it was you…
Rachel: Right…
Ross: But it absolutely didn’t.  It didn’t!! It didn’t!!
Joey:  Ross, hey, the band’s ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so…
Ross:  Oh! Oh-oh, the band’s ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says—I don’t care about the stupid band!!
Joey: You spit on me man! 
Ross: Look, I’m sorry.
Joey: Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Rachel:  Y’know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Ross: Oh, right!
Rachel: Get the hell out of there, y’know?
Ross:  Emily? Emily? I’m coming in. 
Rachel: Well, look at that, same thing.


[Date: May 9, 1998, Session #635]

Monica: You really think this is okay?
Chandler: Well, Ross and Emily aren’t gonna use it.
Monica: Oh, it’s so beautiful. Ohh! Y’know, I-I don’t know if I feel right about this.
Chandler: Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn’t get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Monica: Okay!
Chandler: Okay!
Ross:  Emily?!
Chandler: Nope, not under here!
Monica: You didn’t find her?
Ross: No, I’ve looked everywhere!
Chandler: Well, you couldn’t have looked everywhere or else you would’ve found her!
Monica: Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Chandler: Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Monica: Or 45.
Chandler: Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. 
Ross: No! For all I know, she’s trying to find me but couldn’t because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I’m staying in one place.  Right here.
Monica: Well, it’s getting late.
Chandler: Yeah, we’re gonna go.
Ross: Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Monica: Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s a very large plane.
Ross:  That’s cool.
Chandler: But, we’ll stay here with you.
Ross: Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y’know, but you don’t have to rub my butt.


[Date: May 10, 1998, Session #636]

Chandler: We have to leave for New York in an hour.
Monica: I know, I’ve been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don’t you think?
Chandler: We can’t do that that’s insane. I mean ‘A’ he could wake up and ‘B’ y’know, let’s go for it.
Ross: Em-Emily?  Em-Emily?  Emily! 
Mr. Waltham: No.
Mrs. Waltham: You can forget about Emily, she’s not with us.
Mr. Waltham: We’ve come for her things.
Ross: Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’t want to see you ever again.
Mrs. Waltham: We’re very sad that it didn’t work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you’re absolutely delicious.
Mr. Waltham: Excuse me, I’m standing right here!
Mrs. Waltham: Oh yes, there you are.
Rachel:  Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there’s a whole cart outside… 
Mr. Waltham: Goodbye Geller.
Ross: Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I’m gonna be at that airport and I hope that she’ll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel’s name, but it didn’t mean anything, Okay? She’s-she’s just a friend and that’s all!  That’s all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can’t imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you’ll tell her that.
Mr. Waltham: All right, I’ll tell her.  Come on bugger face!
Mrs. Waltham:  Call me.
Mr. Waltham: You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don’t you ever go out the bloody window!


[Date: May 10, 1998, Session #637]

Ross: Rach! Rach!
Rachel:  Hi!
Ross: Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
Rachel: Well, I-I-I’ve been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
Ross: Oh.
Rachel: Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
Ross: Not yet.
Rachel: So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
Gate Agent:  This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
Ross: Pretty soon I guess.
Rachel: Yeah. I’m sorry.
Ross: I just, I don’t understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y’know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she’d actually show up?
Rachel: No, you’re not an idiot, Ross. You’re a guy very much in love.
Ross: Same difference.
Gate Agent:  All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.
Ross: I get it! Well, that’s that.
Rachel: No, you know what, I think you should go.
Ross: What?
Rachel: Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it’d be really good.
Ross: Oh, I don’t, I don’t, I don’t know…
Rachel: Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!
Ross: I could, yeah, I can do that.
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: I can’t, I can’t even believe her! No, y’know what, I am, I am gonna go!
Rachel: Good!
Ross: I know, why not?
Rachel: Right!
Ross: Right?
Rachel: Right!
Ross: Y’know—thanks! 
Rachel: Okay, I’ll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
Ross: Yeah, well…nah.
Rachel: What? Wait, what?
Ross: Why don’t you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Rachel: Well-well, I don’t know Ross—really?
Ross: Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Rachel: Uh-huh.
Ross: No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
Rachel: Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
Ross: Okay!
Rachel: Okay!
Ross: Cool!
Rachel: All right!
Ross: Come on!  Here.
Rachel: Oh, okay, we’re going. Yeah.
Ross: Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!
Rachel: Oh, wait-wait-wait…
Ross: You tell them to wait!
Rachel: Okay. Wait! Wait!
Ross: Emily.
Ross: Oh no-no-no! Oh-no!  No! No! Emily!
Ending Credits


[Date: May 18, 1998, Session #638]

Phoebe:  Hey!
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey: Mornin' Pheebs!
Phoebe: I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver…
Joey:  Was his name Angus? 
Phoebe: What?
Joey: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.
Phoebe: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway…
Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Chandler: Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh…
Monica: Bodington's!
All: Bodington's! Woohoo! 
Chandler: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
Phoebe: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat—I don't want to talk about it.
Ross:  Hey!
All: Hey!
Joey: Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Ross: Yeah! 
Joey: That was good beer.
Ross: Ohh…
Joey: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Ross: Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Joey: Later! 
Ross: Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Monica: Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually,  she should be here by now.
Ross: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Monica: No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Ross: Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know—Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Phoebe: So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
Ross: No, not since I lost her at the airport.
Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man!
Ross: HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!!  Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
Rachel:  Hi!
All: Hey! 
Ross: Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
Ross: That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
Rachel: Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel. 
Ross: So, what? That's it?
Rachel: Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Ross: Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. 
Rachel: Oh no, you're the best.
Ross:  Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store!  Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Chandler: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Monica: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Rachel: What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Chandler: Oh that's not true.
Rachel: Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Phoebe: London is stupid! Stupid!
Rachel: Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Phoebe: Oh… No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Monica: I'll do it!
Rachel: That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.
Chandler: Okay, I gotta go to work.
Chandler: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
Chandler: Pheebs!  Always a pleasure. 


[Date: May 20, 1998, Session #639]

Rachel: Oh God, I really had a good time!
Dave: Yeah, me too.  So, I guess this is it.
Rachel: Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Dave: Yeah!
Rachel: Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Dave: Okay, yeah!
Rachel: Umm, hi!
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.
Ross: She's doing her laundry.
Rachel: What's that? 
Ross: It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Rachel: Oh, honey that's awful.
Ross: Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Rachel: But, it's not raining.
Ross: I can't catch a break!
Rachel: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right?  Hey, Dave!
Dave: Yeah?
Rachel: Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye!  Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Monica:  Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Rachel: Yeah. 
Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Rachel: Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Monica: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Rachel: Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted…tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Monica:  What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Monica: I make the decisions, and I say no.
Rachel: Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Rachel: Well… 
Monica: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
Joey:  Havin' some trouble?
Monica: Rachel locked the door.
Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.


[Date: May 20, 1998, Session #640]

Monica: Rachel! Let me in! Rachel!
Monica: Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
Rachel: No.
Monica: I really need to talk to you.
Rachel: Well, then talk!
Monica: Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
Rachel: Yes!
Ross: What thing?
Monica: Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might  end up hurting.
Ross: Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily.  My God, think of the massacre.
Rachel: I'm gonna do it.
Monica: All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Rachel: But I…
Monica: Please!
Rachel: All right, fine.
Monica: Joey, I'm in!
Joey:  All right. Good deal.


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #641]

Ross: Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
Joey: Phoebe!
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!
Rachel: Phoebe, woo!
Phoebe: Okay, woo! Hi.
Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little… Y'know, it didn't have any… It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Phoebe: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Joey: Mine!
Ross: Wait! It was my plan.
Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
Ross: And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Joey: Which, is the new plan!
Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Phoebe: Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off!
Monica: Come on Rach, let's go.
Rachel: Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.
Monica: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Rachel: Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
Monica: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Rachel: Yeah, I-I don't care.
Monica: Okay. I-I can't watch. 
Rachel: What 'cha readin'?
Ross: The paper.
Rachel: Yeah, what's it about?
Ross: Events from around the globe.
Rachel: Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Ross: Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized…
Rachel: Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: Go ahead.
Rachel: Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh,  I'm still in love with you Ross.
Ross: Wow. Umm… Huh… I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
Ross: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Rachel:  I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Ross: Why are you laughing?
Rachel: Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel  was like, "You are such an idiot!"
Ross: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Rachel:  I'm sorry, that's not funny.
Ross: Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is.  "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Rachel: Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
Ross: Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is…
Rachel: The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Ross: That is what the thing is.
Rachel: Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
Ross: No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Rachel: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. 
Ross: No thank you for… Thank you.


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #642]

Ross: Okay, let's go!
Chandler: Atlantic City!
Phoebe: Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones!
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?
Monica: Oh my God! You're water broke!
The Guys: Ohh!
Phoebe: All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! 
All: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait-wait!
Chandler: Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
Ross: Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.
Rachel: High-five, the babies are coming! 
Phoebe: Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? 


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #643]

Phoebe:  Hi.
Nurse: Hi.
Phoebe: Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
Nurse: Okay. Have you started having contractions?
Phoebe: Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?
Nurse: Well…
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Ross: It's all right.
Nurse: Now, which of you is the father? 
Phoebe: Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
Nurse:  Okay…
Rachel: I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Joey: Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This  is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Phoebe: Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
Ross: Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
Monica: Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
Chandler: That's right.
Rachel: You-you're not wearing a jacket.
Monica: Oh man! I did it again!
Phoebe:  Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice.  And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
Joey: I gotta get the before shot!


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #644]

Rachel: Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Phoebe: What?!
Ross: Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.
Phoebe: Oh my God, she's so stupid!
Ross: Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.
Phoebe: That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
Rachel: Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
Ross: Yeah, he's head of the department.
Phoebe: All right—Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!
Monica: What?
Phoebe: I'm having my first contraction!
Chandler: Oh no.
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not bad.
Chandler: Okay.
Joey: Oh!  And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! 
Chandler: Hey! You okay?
Joey: Ooh, something hurts!
Phoebe: Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
Joey: Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Ross: Hello.
Dr. Harad: Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie. 
Chandler: Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
Monica: That's what it sounded like.
Chandler: All right…
Frank:  Hey!
All: Hey!
Frank:  Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
Phoebe: No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Frank: Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Chandler: Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Frank: Yeah.


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #645]

Joey:  Ross! Get a shot of this.  Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies…  Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. 
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either—Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh!  Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Ross: Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
Joey: Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.
Chandler: Really? Male nurses?
Joey: Yeah, I was bummed too.
Chandler: So they're going on dates? When?
Joey: I think Saturday—.
Frank:  What's with him?
Phoebe: Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
Dr. Harad:  Okay!
Phoebe: Hey.
Dr. Harad: Let's see what we got here. Ohh, y'know, Fonzie dated triplets.
Chandler: This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Dr. Harad: Oh no-no-no. Fonzie is the nickname of Arthur Fonzerelli. The Fonz.
Chandler: All right.
Frank: It's not that weird, is it?
Phoebe: It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
Ross: To be fair, he doesn’t seem to be impersonating Fonzie…
Phoebe:  What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Ross: Again, it's not that he…


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #646]

Ross: Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Phoebe: Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Dr. Oberman: Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early…
Phoebe:  Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
Dr. Oberman: Oh no, I'm fully qualified to…
Phoebe: Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
Frank: Oh cool! You made him cry!


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #647]

Monica: Feeling a little better sweetie?
Joey: Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.
Monica: Me too.
Ross:  Hey! I just heard. What's up?
Joey's Doctor: Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra…
Joey:  Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option—what's a urethra?  Are you crazy?!


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #648]

Phoebe:  So did you ask him?
Rachel: No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.
Phoebe: Well, I'm kinda on a clock here.
Dr. Harad:  Oh Fonzie.
Rachel: Y'know who I always liked? Mork.
Phoebe: Undo it. Undo it. Undo it.
Dr. Harad: Fonzie met Mork. Mork froze Fonzie.
Rachel: Yeah, but umm… Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right?
Dr. Harad: Yeah, that's right.
Monica:  Hey!
Phoebe: Hi!
Monica:  How are you doing?
Phoebe: Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Frank: Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
Phoebe: Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
Male Nurse: Hey!
Rachel: Hi!
Male Nurse: Rachel.
Rachel: Monica, this is Dan , one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday.  Uh Dan, Monica.
Dan: Nice to meet you.
Monica: Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Chandler: So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Monica: Chandler!
Dan: Nah that's okay. I'm just doing this to put myself through medical school.
Chandler: Oh.
Dan: And it didn't feel so girlie during the Gulf War.
Chandler: Sure.  And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. 
Monica: So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
Dan: Sure! I'll get somebody to cover my shift.
Monica: Oh, great!
Chandler:  Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night?
Delivery Room Nurse: No.
Chandler: All right. Very good.
Phoebe: Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!!
Joey: Ohh, get these things out of me!
Ross: Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain.
Joey: I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! 
Ross: I do too! I do too!
Joey: Argh!
Ross: Argh!
Joey: Argh!
Ross: Argh!


[Date: June 1, 1998, Session #649]

Joey: Oh my God.
Ross: You did it, man.
Joey's Doctor: Would you like to see them? 
Joey: They're so small! 


[Date: October 15, 1998, Session #650]

Monica:  Come in. I've been waiting for you.
Rachel: Hi! I just wanna--Ahhh!!! Oh my God!  Oh my God!
Monica:  Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Rachel: Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Monica: Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work.  I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Rachel:  That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Monica: Uh-huh, that one!
Rachel: Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail.  Maybe that's him. 
Monica:  Okay, umm, okay, umm…  It's just Joey and Ross.
Rachel: Why aren't you guys at the movie?
Joey: Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Ross: I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
Joey:  He's talking to London!
Monica: But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Joey: Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
Ross:  I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Joey: Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
Chandler:  Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #651]

Joey:  Hey!
Chandler: Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Joey: Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Monica: Vomit tux? Who vomited on—y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Joey: Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Monica: Oh that's great!
Joey: A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Phoebe: Ugh, PBS!
Monica: What's wrong with PBS?
Phoebe: Ugh, what's right with them?
Joey: Why don’t you like PBS, Pheebs?
Phoebe: Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Chandler: Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Phoebe: All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Joey: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Phoebe: This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Phoebe: What-what are you talking about?!
Joey: Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Phoebe: Yeah. So?
Joey: It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Phoebe: Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
Joey: Well, may I ask for one example?
Phoebe: Yeah, it's… Y'know there's—no you may not!
Joey: That's because all people are selfish.
Phoebe: Are you calling me selfish?!
Joey: Are you calling you people?  Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Phoebe: I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Ross:  Hello.
Emily:  Hello, Ross?
Ross: Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily!  It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst!  Hi!
Emily: Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!
Ross: No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Emily: Really? About what?
Ross: Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
Emily: I miss you to. Well, at least I think I do.
Ross:  She's talking.
All:  Yay! 
Phoebe: Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
Joey: That he doesn't exist.
Phoebe: Right. 


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #652]

Rachel: So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
Chandler: Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Rachel: So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?
Monica: Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don’t think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Chandler: Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Rachel: I don’t care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Chandler: Really?! That's what you heard?  You said that?
Monica: I might've said that.  Why is that funny?
Chandler: Because I'm very happy for him!  And you, you lucky dog!
Ross:  Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
Chandler: Yes!
Monica: That's great!
Ross: In London!
Monica: What?!
Ross: She wants me to move to London.
Monica: But you live here!  You know that.
Rachel: What-what-what are you gonna do?
Ross: I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
Monica: Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Ross: It could happen.


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #653]

Ross: All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Emily: I understand that would be difficult.
Ross: Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Emily: I don't know, it's just…
Ross: Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Emily: All right.
Ross: All right, did you just say all right?
Emily: I did. Now I'm the idiot.
Ross: Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love!
Emily: Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.
Ross: Yes, tell me.
Emily: Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Ross: I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Emily: And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Ross: Again, very sorry.
Emily: I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
Ross: Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
Emily: All right. I'll come to New York and we'll try and make this work.
Ross: Oh that is so great! That's…
Emily:  As long as you don't see Rachel anymore.


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #654]

Ross: So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.
Chandler: Yes!
Phoebe: Ooh-ohh!
Monica: Great!
Ross: No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
Phoebe: Why?
Monica: What?! You can't—what did you tell her?
Ross: I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision?  I'm actually asking you!
Chandler: Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
Monica: Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Chandler: That's true!
Phoebe: Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Chandler: That's true!
Monica: No, you cannot.
Ross: Thanks for the help, problem solved. 
Monica:  Hello.
Joey:  Hey Mon!
Monica: Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Joey: See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Monica:  You're not on TV.
Joey: Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? 
Chandler: Hey, there he is! There he is!
Joey: Hello New York! 


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #655]

Ross:  Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate. 
Monica: A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not a toy.
Ross: Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do.  Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again?  Ask again later. Later is not good enough.  Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
Monica: All right, let me see.  Will Chandler have sex tonight?  Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.


[Date: October 16, 1998, Session #656]

Rachel:  Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!
Ross: For what?
Rachel: For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
Ross: Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
Rachel: Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!
Ross: It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
Rachel: Like what?
Ross: Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
Rachel: Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Ross: No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Rachel: Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to… Hi!
Ross: Thanks.
Rachel: Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it.  I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't.  Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Ross:  Hello.  Hi sweetie.  Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it.  So will you come to New York? 
Ending Credits


[Date: October 29, 1998, Session #657]

Monica:  Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Phoebe: Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
Monica: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Ross:  Hey.
Joey: Hey!
Monica: Hey.
Ross: Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Monica: No, she's out shopping.
Ross: Damn!
Chandler: What's going on?
Ross: I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Phoebe: Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Ross: Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this. 
Monica: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Ross: I have no idea. I mean… But-but I assure you I will figure it out.
Joey: Doesn’t seem like it's going to work, I mean…
Rachel:  Hi, guys!
Joey: Hi!
Chandler: Uh, hey!
Rachel: What's going on?
Chandler: We're flipping Monica's mattress.
Joey: So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
Phoebe: Yeah that's better than my way.
Rachel: Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
Chandler: Aww, man! 
Rachel:  Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Ross: So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Rachel: Oh yeah! I know.
Phoebe:  Can you hear anything?
Chandler: Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Joey:  Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Monica: Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles…
Phoebe: Ooh, Madlibs, mine! 
Chandler: Condoms?
Joey: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Chandler: And condoms are the way to do that?
Ross: Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily…
Rachel:  Oh my God! My dog died!
Ross: What?!
Rachel: Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
Ross: Le Poo's still alive?!
Rachel: Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh.  Oh my God.
Monica: Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Rachel: It's Le Poo.
Phoebe: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.


[Date: October 29, 1998, Session #658]

Ross: Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Rachel: Oh yeah! 
Ross: Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing… Okay,  here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Rachel: What?
Ross: You're nose is bleeding!
Rachel: Oh God.  No! Oh not again!  This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry.  Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
Ross: Umm… 
Rachel: Sorry. Sorry.
Ross: Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
Rachel: Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.


[Date: October 29, 1998, Session #659]

Rachel: Hi!
Ross: Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
Rachel: Okay, what's up?
Ross: Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
Rachel: Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
Ross: And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants…
Rachel: Yeah?
Ross: …is for me not to see you anymore.
Rachel: That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her?   Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Ross: It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
Rachel: Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Ross: You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Rachel: Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
Ross: What are you doing?
Rachel: Storming out!
Ross: Rachel, this is your apartment.
Rachel: Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!


[Date: October 30, 1998, Session #660]

Ross: You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Joey: You want my advice?
Ross: Yes! Please!
Joey: You're not gonna like it.
Ross: That's okay.
Joey: You got married to fast.
Ross: That's not advice!
Joey: I told ya.
Ross: I'm going to the bathroom. 
Joey: Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
Chandler and Phoebe: Yeah, me either.
Monica: Maybe I could do it.
Rachel:  Hi!
Joey: Hi, Rach.
Chandler: Hi!
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: Hey.
Rachel: Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Joey: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. 
Rachel: That's not Ross!
Phoebe: Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Chandler: Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
Rachel: Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Joey: Hey, you're not Kip!
Rachel:  Do you even know who Kip is?
Joey: Who cares? You're Rachel!  Who's Kip?
Chandler: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Joey: Oh, that poor bastard.
Rachel: See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Monica: You're not gonna be phased out!
Rachel: Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother.  He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
Phoebe: Ehh!!
Rachel: Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.


[Date: October 31, 1998, Session #661]

Rachel: Phoebe?  I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing.  You gotta come with me!
Phoebe: Come where?
Rachel: Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
Phoebe: Okay, but try and get Joey too.
Ross:  Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?
Phoebe: Oh, sure!  Bye Ross!  Forever.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
Ross: I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Rachel: Oh, Ross…
Ross: No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
Rachel: No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.
Ross: Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Rachel: Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
Ross: I can't believe this is happening.
Rachel: I know.
Ross: I am so sorry.
Rachel: I know that too.
Joey:   Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.


[Date: November 5, 1998, Session #662]

Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hello!
Monica: Hey, what's that?
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Phoebe: Eeeee--ohh!! God! 
Joey: Argh-argh!!  Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Phoebe: Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Chandler: Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour.  That didn't happen, I made that up!
Ross:  Hey!
Gunther: Oh, Ross? Ross! You can't put up flyers in here.
Ross: How come? Everybody else does.
Gunther: You can't.
Monica: What is that?
Ross: Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
Monica:  This is all of your things.
Ross: Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's—Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Monica: So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
Ross: Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
Gunther: I'll take it all.
Joey: Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?
Ross: Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
Chandler: Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
Ross: After what I did? Can you blame her?
Phoebe: Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Joey:  What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Monica: Now calm down Joey.
Joey: No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
Phoebe: Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Chandler: Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence…
Monica: Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Joey: No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.


[Date: November 6, 1998, Session #663]

Phoebe: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
Joey: I'll take it!
Phoebe: That might work! 
Joey: Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah!  Enh? All right, what do you think?
Chandler: You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
Ross:  No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden.  No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye. 
Joey: What's the matter Ross?
Ross: Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Phoebe: Why?
Ross: Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Joey: That's way uptown! That's like three trains away!  Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Chandler: So you're really okay with this?
Ross: Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Chandler: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Joey: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him?  Ow!! He's not even here!!!
Rachel: You guys! You guys!
Monica: We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
Rachel: It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
Monica: And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Rachel:  Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Joey: Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
Rachel: Yeah!
Joey: Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Rachel: Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Joey: Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
Monica: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!


[Date: November 7, 1998, Session #664]

Ross:  I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. 
Chandler: Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
Ross: No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.
Chandler: So, rocks.
Ross: I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. 
Joey: Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing  and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Ross: I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
Joey: Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
Ross: Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice…
Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Ross: Why?
Joey: It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Ross: What's going on?
Joey: We all hate Emily!
Phoebe: Nooo!!
Monica: No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Joey: Yeah!
Chandler: Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Joey: Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! 
Phoebe: I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.


[Date: November 7, 1998, Session #665]

Chandler: Uh, Ross?
Phoebe: Are you still mad at us?
Ross: Yep.
Phoebe: Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry" song.
Ross: Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
Joey: Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Chandler: Yeah, we are so sorry.
Phoebe:  You're kinda stepping on the song. 
Joey: Look, we were way out of line, we totally support you.
Monica: Whatever you decide, whatever you do.
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!
Ross: Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.
Phoebe: Yes! Exactly! And that's why…
Monica: Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Ross: Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Phoebe: Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!


[Date: November 7, 1998, Session #666]

Joey: Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Ross: You do, huh?
Joey: Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air.  Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone…
Ross: What are you talking about?
Joey:  I'm not sure.
Rachel:  Hi!
Monica: Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
Rachel: Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.
Monica: How did that happen?
Rachel: That yeti is one smooth talker.
Monica: I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
Rachel: Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
All: No! Why?
Rachel: Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really… I don't mind.
Ross: Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh… It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Rachel: Ross, I…
Joey: RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
Rachel: Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.
Joey: All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor…
Ross: Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back!
Rachel: I haven't seen him in so long!
Phoebe: Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard!
Monica: Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
Joey: It's almost as if he knew.
Monica: I'll get it.  Hello.  Hi Emily!  Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. 
Ross: Hey!  Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner.  Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on.  She wants to say hi.  Hold on.
Phoebe: Hi Emily!
Chandler: Hi!
Emily: Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?
Joey: Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Emily:  Well, I should hope not. Ross knows better than that by now.
Ross: Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here! 
Emily: She's there?!
Chandler: Oh yeah, there-there she is!
Ross: Yeah, yeah, she's here.
Emily: Ross, take me off speakerphone.
Ross:  Hi.
Emily: How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!
Ross:  Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
Emily: You obviously can't keep away from her.
Ross: Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Emily: I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
Ross: Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Emily: You're right.
Ross: So, can you trust me?
Emily: No.
Joey: I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
Monica: How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Joey: You can totally tell! Here look, watch me.  Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown.  Smile! 
Ross: Well, I guess that's it.
All: Why, what happened?
Joey: What happened? What happened?
Ross: My marriage is over.
All: What?!
Monica: Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
Phoebe: Here. 
Rachel: Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Ross: Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.


[Date: November 12, 1998, Session #667]

Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
Joey: No, look. 
Chandler: That's a pig.
Joey: I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her.
Chandler: Hey! 
Ross: Emily's cousin kicked me out!
Chandler: What?!
Joey: Why?
Ross: Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Ross: Who needs a lease when it's family!
Joey: Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Chandler: Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: You got it.
Joey: Okay.
Ross: Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
Ross: What?
Chandler: He thought you said gonad.


[Date: November 14, 1998, Session #668]

Joey: Ross?
Ross:  Hey roomies!
Chandler: Love what you've done with the place.
Ross: Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't—I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Chandler: Oh yeah!
Ross: Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out.  We will, we will, call you back!
Joey: Hey, all right!
Ross: Pretty cool, huh?
Joey:  You're fake laughing too, right?
Chandler: Oh, the tears are real.


[Date: November 16, 1998, Session #669]

Ross:  Joey, please! 
Joey: Sorry.
Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhh…
Chandler:  Hello children!
Joey: Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Chandler: Okay. 
Joey: No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Joey: All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? 
Chandler: Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
Joey: No, the quiet down thing!
Chandler: You mean this. 
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Chandler:  All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Joey: All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No-no-no-no!
Joey: YES!!
Ross:  Uh fellas, 
Chandler: Okay, so he's out of here.
Joey: Um-hmm.


[Date: November 16, 1998, Session #670]

Chandler: Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Ross: I'll take sports.
Joey: Mine! 
Ross: All right. Uhh, international.
Joey: Oh that's mine too!  I'm Italian!
Ross: Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
Chandler: Not even on page 7?
Ross:  Oh yeah! You're—hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place,  two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
Chandler: What about that circled one?
Ross: Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it?
Chandler: Yes, it is.
Joey: Hey, let's go look at it! 
Ross: Okay, let's go.
Joey: Okay!
Chandler: There we go!
Ross: Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
Chandler: Let's go quicker.
Joey: Yeah!


[Date: November 16, 1998, Session #671]

Ross: Oh my God! 
Chandler: Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Joey: Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
Ross: I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.
Joey: But hey, Ross, this place is available now!
Chandler: Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Joey: Yeah.
Ross:  So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?
Joey: Oh, it's perfect!
Ross:  How about you?
Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
Ross: All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
Chandler: We are bad people.
Joey: He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew!  You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?


[Date: November 16, 1998, Session #672]

Chandler: 98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
Joey:  Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! 
Chandler: Here we go! Here we go!
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.
Joey: You're kidding!
Chandler: You're kidding, no!
Ross: Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So…
Joey: But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!
Ross: Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
Joey: Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there  by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Chandler: Yeah!
Ross: Are you guys sure about this?
Joey: Definitely!
Chandler: Yes! Ross, you have to stay!
Ross: All right.
Joey: All right!
Chandler: All right, buddy!
Ross: So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .


[Date: November 17, 1998, Session #673]

Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Ross:  Come on, it's fun!
Chandler: All right!  Isn't this a woman's hat?
Joey: Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!

[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #674]

Rachel: Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.
Ross: I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
Joey: I need something sweet.
Phoebe: Does anyone wanna watch TV?
All: Yeah, sure.
Phoebe: Monica your remote doesn't work.
Monica: Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
Phoebe: Oh. Aw, forget it.
Rachel: Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Joey: Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
Monica: That's very nice.
Chandler: That's sweet, Joey.
Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. 


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #675]

Joey: I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?
Monica: Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Ross: Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Phoebe: Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
Ross: I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
Chandler: No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Rachel: Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
Ross: Oh God, no.
Joey: Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
Chandler: It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #676]

Ross: You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Phoebe: I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
Chandler: Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Phoebe: Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #677]

Ross: In this life, Phoebe.
Phoebe: Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
Joey: Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
Phoebe: Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
Rachel: I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.
Monica: Oh, let's not tell this story.
All: Oh, come on!
Phoebe: Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Rachel: What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!
Joey: Hey, it's not like it sounds.
Chandler: It's exactly like it sounds.


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #678]

Chandler:  You did look like an idiot.
Joey: Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
Ross: Yeah that's the same.
Monica: That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
Phoebe: Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
All: Which one?
Monica: Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Monica: Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!


[Date: November 22, 1984, Session #679]

Mrs. Geller: Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Monica: I'll get it!  Happy Thanksgiving!
Big Nosed Rachel: Not for me. Chip and I broke up!
Fat Monica: Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Big Nosed Rachel: Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over…
Fat Monica: Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Big Nosed Rachel: Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me!  Hi!
Mr. Geller: Hi Rachel!
Big Nosed Rachel: Happy Thanksgiving!
Mrs. Geller: You too sweethart!
Ross:  Hey!
Mr. Geller: Oh my!
Ross: Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
Fat Monica: Ross! 
Ross: Oh, this is Monica.
Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Chandler:  Okay.
Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
Ross: Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
Mrs. Geller: Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then.
Fat Monica: Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
Chandler: Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
Fat Monica: dammit! 
Ross: So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Big Nosed Rachel: Oh! No, not really.
Ross: Well, that's cool. So did… 
Big Nosed Rachel: Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Fat Monica: I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Big Nosed Rachel: Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly.  Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Ross: Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Fat Monica: Call them mom and dad you loser!
Ross:  Monica!
Fat Monica: Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Chandler: Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Fat Monica: Okay!
Big Nosed Rachel: Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
Fat Monica: Oh that's so great!
Big Nosed Rachel: I know!
Fat Monica: Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Big Nosed Rachel: Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Fat Monica: I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
Big Nosed Rachel: I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
Ross: So I’m thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Chandler: Emotional Knapsack?
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Ross: Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I’m gonna be out with her all night.
Chandler: Dude, don't do that too me!
Ross: All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
Chandler: No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Ross: Hey!
Mrs. Geller:  Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
Fat Monica: No. No, thank you!
Mr. Geller: Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full!


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #680]

Chandler: I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
Monica: Well, I do.
Chandler: I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
Ross: I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
Chandler: I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
Rachel: Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.
Monica: Yes, it was!
Rachel: No, it wasn't. It was actually the…
Monica:  Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
Phoebe: Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!
Chandler: We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!
Phoebe: Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.


[Date: November 28, 1985, Session #681]

Mrs. Geller: So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
Mr. Geller:  Hi Rachel.
Rachel: Oh hi!
Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose!
Mrs. Geller: Jack.
Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see? 
Mrs. Geller: I'll get it.
Rachel: No, God! Please, let me! 
Rachel: Hey!
Ross: Hey.  Happy Thanksgiving!
Mr. Geller:  God, your hair sure is different!
Chandler: Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. 
Ross: So uh, where's Monica?
Mrs. Geller: She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
Monica: Hi, Chandler.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Monica: What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? 
Chandler: You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Ross: Dude!
Chandler: Sorry!
Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Ross: Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Monica: So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
Mr. Geller: Dude!
Chandler: Sorry.
Rachel:  Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Monica: Well it didn't!
Rachel: What?!
Monica: Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Rachel: Okay, that we may be able to do.
Monica: How?
Rachel: Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Monica: What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Rachel: Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: Yeah.
Monica: And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Rachel: Then, you will definitely get him back!
Monica: Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Rachel: Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Monica: What do you mean?
Rachel: Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel!  Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Monica:  I can do that!
Rachel: Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming.  Hey, what's up? 
Chandler: Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Monica: Umm, I'd love too!  Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Chandler: Okay.
Monica: Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you.  Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife  and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm,  my body. 
Chandler: Are you all right?
Monica: Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that—


[Date: November 28, 1985, Session #682]

The Doctor: What do we got here?
The Paramedic: Twenty year old has got a severed toe on his right foot.
Ross: Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
The Doctor: It says here that the knife went right through your shoe.
Mr. Geller: Of course it did. They're made of wicker.
The Doctor: Did you bring the toe?
Monica: Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! 
The Doctor:  Don't worry son, we'll just attach it and—
Monica: What?! What is it?
The Doctor: You brought a carrot.
Chandler: What?
The Doctor: This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.
Rachel: You brought a carrot?!
Mrs. Geller: Oh my God! There's a toe in my kitchen.
Monica: God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
The Doctor: It's too late, all we can do now is sow up the wound.
Chandler: Without my toe?! I need my toe!
Monica: Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche!
Mr. Geller: Oh, I'm not falling for that one!


[Date: November 26, 1998, Session #683]

Chandler: That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
Monica: I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.
Chandler: That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
Monica: I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
Chandler: Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. 
Monica: Chandler! 
Ross:  Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.
Joey: You're a dork.
Chandler: I can't believe this.
Monica: Chandler, I said I was sorry.
Chandler: Yeah, well, sorry doesn’t bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Monica: Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
Chandler: Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. 


[Date: December 10, 1998, Session #684]

Phoebe: What am I sitting on?
Chandler: Top of the world? Dock of the bay?  I'm out.
Phoebe:  Ew-eww!! Undies!
Rachel: All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Ross: Well, they're not mine!
Chandler: Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
Joey: Yeah, they're mine.
Chandler: See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
Ross: Why are they here?
Joey: I don't know uhh…  Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Rachel: Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?
Chandler: Yeah!
Monica: Yeah!
Rachel:  Take 'em!  Joey, you can touch them! They're your underwear.
Joey:  Chandler? A word.
Joey: That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop!  Ahh!  And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Monica:  Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Joey: Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me!  Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and 
Monica:  Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Joey: Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't…
Chandler:  All this lying has been hard on us too.
Joey: Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Chandler: Well, yeah actually.
Monica: We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Chandler: I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Monica: We are! Help us!
Chandler: Help!
Joey: All right! But,  you do it with me once.
Monica: Joey!
Joey: Didn't think so.


[Date: December 10, 1998, Session #685]

Monica: Hey, Phoebe!
Chandler: Hi, Pheebs!
Rachel: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey: Hey, Pheebs!
Rachel: What are you reading?
Phoebe: Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Chandler: I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Phoebe: Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Rachel: Honey that sounds like fun.
Phoebe: Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Yeah! Okay—ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
Rachel: Oh, I read that in high school.
Phoebe: This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Ross:  Hi.
Joey: What's wrong buddy?
Ross: Someone at work ate my sandwich!
Chandler: Well, what did the police say?
Ross: My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Chandler: Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Ross: Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Monica: Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but 
Ross:  That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Chandler:  Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Joey: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
Phoebe: Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Ross: Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Chandler: Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Phoebe: Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. 
All: Whoa! Ohh!!
Monica: Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
Phoebe: Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
Monica: Phoebe?
Phoebe: Well, he stabbed me first!!


[Date: December 11, 1998, Session #686]

Phoebe: Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Rachel: Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Ross:  Phoebe!
Phoebe: Yeah?
Ross: Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Monica: Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Ross: That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want.  Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!


[Date: December 12, 1998, Session #687]

Dr. Leedbetter: Umm, Ross. May I have a word with you?
Ross: Yeah, of course, Donald.
Dr. Leedbetter: We've been getting reports of some very angry behavior on your part.
Ross: What?!
Dr. Leedbetter: Threatening letters, refusal to meet deadlines, apparently people now call you mental.
Ross:  Yeah.
Dr. Leedbetter: We want you to speak to a psychiatrist.
Ross: Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
Dr. Leedbetter:  A sandwich?
Ross: Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here…
Dr. Leedbetter:  Oh, you know what?
Ross: What?
Dr. Leedbetter: I-I'm sorry. I, I-I-I believe I ate that.
Ross: You ate my sandwich?
Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.
Ross:  Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
Dr. Leedbetter: No.
Ross: Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
Dr. Leedbetter: There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
Ross:  That said it was my sandwich?!
Dr. Leedbetter: Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
Ross:  What?
Dr. Leedbetter: Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.
Ross: You-you-you-you  threw my sandwich away!
Ross:  MY SANDWICH?!!!
Ross: MY SANDWICH!!!!!! 


[Date: December 12, 1998, Session #688]

Chandler: Hey.
Monica: Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. 
Chandler:  You're naked in this picture!
Monica: I know.
Chandler: Ross?
Ross:  Hey Chandler.  Monica!
Monica: Ross, are you okay?
Ross: I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.
Monica: Why?!
Ross: On account of my rage.
Chandler: Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
Ross: He gave me a pill for it.
Monica: A pill?
Ross: Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
Monica: Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
Chandler: And you're okay with that?
Ross: I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.


[Date: December 13, 1998, Session #689]

Rachel:  Oh my God! That's Monica!!
Joey: Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
Rachel: You get away from me!! You sick, sick, sick, sick-o!!
Ross:  What's going on?
Rachel: Joey has got a secret peephole!
Chandler:  Oh no! No! No! No! 
Rachel: Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Rachel: Look! 
Ross:  Dude! That's my sister! 
Monica:  Give me that!
Phoebe: All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Joey: No! I am not a pervert! Okay? It's just… I just… Kinda…
Chandler: All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this.
Joey: Thank you!
Chandler: Joey's a sex addict.
Joey: What?!!  No I'm not!!
Monica: It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
Joey: No! No! I am not a sex addict!
Monica: Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
Joey: No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
Rachel: Well, what is the truth?
Ross: Yeah, what's going on?
Phoebe: What's going on?
Joey:  I slept with Monica.
Chandler: Well let's….let's see what everybody thinks of that?
Monica: Oh no!
Ross: You slept with my sister?
Joey: Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
Ross: This is not good for my rage. 
Rachel: Monica, is this true?
Joey: Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Monica: Yes it's true.
Rachel: Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Joey: Ahh—oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
Monica: I guess I wanted to keep it  as a souvenir.
Ross: My God Monica!!
Chandler: Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
Joey: No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
Phoebe: So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Joey: That makes sense!
Rachel: And the video camera?
Joey: Uhh, Monica?
Monica: I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
Joey: But sadly I could not be enticed.
Ross: Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
Monica: I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
Joey: Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs. 


[Date: December 17, 1998, Session #690]

Joey: What are you doing?
Ross: I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.  Middle shelf: fruits and vegetables.  And top shelf: expired products. 
Joey: Why are you doing this?
Ross: Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I’ve already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Joey: Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven’t you ever been unemployed?
Ross: Hey, I am not unemployed. I’m on sabbatical!
Joey: Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok.  A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here…sit down.  Ready?  Ahh!!  Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Ross: So what, we just sit?
Joey: Ohh, no, no. We’re not going to just sit.  Shhh. 
Chandler:  Hello, Chandler Bing.
Joey:  Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Chandler:  Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me!  It’s been six months! It’s not funny!
Joey: But, I love you.
Chandler: Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!! 
Joey: And that’s Wednesday.  Ohh.


[Date: December 17, 1998, Session #691]

Joey: That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
Ross: I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Joey: Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Joey: Wait a second, I could star in it!
Ross: Or that.
Joey: I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
Ross: I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
Joey: Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
Ross: Yeah!
Joey: Thanks!
Ross:  All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Joey: Done!
Ross: And it can't be Joey.
Joey: It's not.
Ross: Or Joseph.
Joey:  Oh.


[Date: December 20, 1998, Session #692]

Ross: All right.  A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious.  That's it?  Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident!  And what is, and what is all this?!  The official rulebook of Fireball.
Joey: Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Chandler:  Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid—Op! Op! 
Ross: This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Joey: You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Ross:  And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work.  Now come on!
Joey: Hey!
Ross: No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done!  Ahh! 


[Date: December 21, 1998, Session #693]

Phoebe: Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look!  Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Monica: No.
Phoebe: Does it look like an ashtray?
Monica: No.
Phoebe: Does it look like a urinal?
Monica: Eww!! 
Ross: So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Phoebe: Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Monica: Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
Phoebe: Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. 
Rachel:  Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something?
Monica and Ross: Sure.
Rachel: Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?
Ross: Oh-oh, yeah.
Monica: All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
Ross: Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.
Monica: Still, I was quick as a cat.
Rachel: Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Monica: Oh, you're kidding.
Rachel: Yeah, they were very y'know…wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
Monica:  We don't, we don't wrestle now.
Ross: Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.
Monica: Too strong for me?
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
Ross: Oh fine.
Monica: Ready?  Wrestle! 
Rachel: Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks. 


[Date: December 21, 1998, Session #694]

Chandler:  Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Ross: Joey's not going.
Joey:  I didn't finish my five pages.
Chandler: Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
Ross: Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
Joey: Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Chandler:  Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Ross: I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Joey: Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Chandler: The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Ross: I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Joey: Come on look guys, don't fight.
Ross: And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
Chandler: Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Ross: If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
Joey: Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Ross: How about we settle this right now!  There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
Chandler: I paid for those tickets!
Ross: No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Chandler: Oh yeah! 


[Date: December 22, 1998, Session #695]

Chandler: Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Ross: Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Joey:  Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Ross: Yay!
Chandler: Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game!  Last night!
Joey: No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
Ross: I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Chandler: Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Joey: Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Chandler: All right. 
Ross: All right. 
Joey: Okay.  "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross 
Ross: Hey man.
Chandler: What is up?
Ross: About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
Chandler: No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
Ross: Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest…  But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
Chandler: Could I be more sorry. 
Ross: I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist.  All right Joey, we get it.  I'm sorry.
Chandler:  I'm sorry too.
Joey: Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
Ross:  I am sorry, Chandler.
Chandler: I am sorry, Ross.
Joey: A handsome man enters.  Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You,  you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you  well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Chandler: This took you all day?!
Joey: No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball.  Ha-ha!


[Date: December 31, 1998, Session #696]

Jay Leno:  Is there any entertainment there? What are people doing?
Joey: All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
Chandler:  We're very happy for you.
Joey: What's the matter?!
Chandler: We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know…
Joey: All right, I'll take care of it.
Monica: Oh no, wait! Joey!
Ross:  73! 72! 71!
Joey: Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Ross: What?
Joey: Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
Ross: Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
Joey: Chandler.
Ross: Awww, man! Really?
Joey: Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?
Ross: That's a good point.
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
Joey: Okay, great!
Ross: All right.
Joey: Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
Phoebe: It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
Joey: Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at midnight.
Rachel: What?!
Ross: Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
Rachel: So?
Joey: So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
Rachel: Oh, good point.
Joey: Yeah!
All:  3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Chandler:  Happy New Year!
Monica: Happy New Year.
Ross:  Happy New Year, Pheebs!
Phoebe: You too!
Rachel:  Happy New Year, Joey!
Joey: So did that do anything for ya?


[Date: December 31, 1998, Session #697]

Ross: Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Rachel: But your divorce isn't even final yet.
Ross: Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Chandler: Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Ross: Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Phoebe: Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Chandler: That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Phoebe: Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Monica: She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Ross: In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Chandler: I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!"  And it starts right now!
Joey: All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Ross: Ohh.
Phoebe: Really?! How come?
Joey: Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Phoebe: Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Joey: Really? Who-who have you taught?
Phoebe: Well, I taught me and I love me.
Joey: Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Rachel: Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Monica: Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Rachel: I don't gossip!
Rachel: Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Monica: Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
Rachel: What? They were like this!


[Date: January 3, 1999, Session #698]

Woman: I'll see you tomorrow.
Ross: Okay!   Hey!
Chandler and Joey: Hey!
Ross: I just asked that girl out.
Chandler: Nice!
Joey: Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
Ross: Yes it is. See. 
Chandler:  Elizabeth Hornswoggle?
Ross: That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
Chandler: Horn-swoggle.
Joey: You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
Chandler: No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. 
Joey: Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! 
Ross: Hi, Pheebs!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth  Hornswoggle.
Phoebe: Hornswoggle?  Ooh, this must be killing you.
Ross: All right, see you later.
Joey: See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first lesson.
Phoebe: Okay.  Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here,  then you learn here. 
Joey: Umm, okay.
Phoebe: Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up names for the way my hand looks while I'm doing them.   So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady. 
Chandler: What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.


[Date: January 7, 1999, Session #699]

Phoebe: Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Rachel: I didn’t! Even when I found out…umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it. 
Joey: Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out. 
Phoebe: Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! 
Joey: Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and…
Phoebe: Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Joey: No.
Phoebe: Give me your hands.  Strings. Gimme it!  Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Joey: Yes!
Phoebe: Then don't touch one!!
Ross:  Hi!
Ben: Hi!
Monica: Hi Ben!
Ben: Auntie Monica!! 
Chandler:  Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants?  Someone comment on the pants!
Rachel: I think they're very nice.
Monica: I like 'em.
Joey: Yeah! 
Monica: I like them a lot.
Chandler: That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight.  Maybe there's something in that area.
Ross: Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow,  I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
Chandler: Oh come on!! 
Ross:  Okay, seriously, what do you think?
Joey: You look like a freak.
Rachel: Awful, absolutely awful. 
Ross: What are you, what are you doing?
Monica: It's my New Year's resolution!
Ross: What, to blind my child?
Monica: No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Joey: Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. 


[Date: January 7, 1999, Session #700]

Ross:  My God! These pants are burning up!   Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here!  Are you hot?
Elizabeth Hornswoggle: No.
Ross: Okay, it must just be me then.
Ross: That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
Elizabeth: No, go ahead.
Ross: Thanks. 
Ross:  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh……….
Elizabeth:  Hey, my favorite part is coming up!
Ross: 'Kay!
Ross: Oh my God!


[Date: January 7, 1999, Session #701]

Joey:  Hello?
Ross:  Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
Joey: Uhh, Chandler's not here.
Ross: Well, you can help me!
Joey: Okay.
Ross: Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom…
Joey: Nice!
Ross: No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Joey: Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Ross: Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder! 
Joey: Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Ross: Yeah, okay, hold on!   They're not coming on man.
Joey: Umm, do you see any—oh, Vaseline?
Ross: Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Joey: Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Ross: Hold on.
Joey: Ross? You okay?
Ross: They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Joey: Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
Ross: What difference does that make?!
Joey: Well, I'm just—if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Rachel:  Joey, do you have a minute?
Ross: Dude, what am I gonna…
Joey:  Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. 
Rachel: Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
Joey: Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Rachel: Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
Joey: What-what is it, what is it?
Rachel: Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Joey: Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Rachel: Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
Joey: I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Rachel: What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
Joey: And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
Rachel: I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone… 
Joey: I'm not listening to you!


[Date: January 7, 1999, Session #702]

Elizabeth: Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
Ross: All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
Elizabeth: No, let's just leave the lights on.
Elizabeth: Oh my God!
Ross: I had a problem.


[Date: January 7, 1999, Session #703]

Chandler: Oh my God!
Monica: We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Ross: This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
All: No. No, you're not a loser.
Ross: Look at me! 
Monica: Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you!  Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Ross: Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
Monica: See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Rachel: That really is something; that's really cool.
Joey: Howdy partner!
Ross: Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides.  I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight.  I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy.  I would make a good cowboy. 
Monica: Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Chandler: Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty.  Yep.
Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Rachel: Good luck, honey!
Phoebe: Bye! 
Rachel: Hey, uh, Joey?
Joey: Umm?
Rachel: Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
Joey: Oh, no! 
Rachel: I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Joey: Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Rachel:  Yeah. Well.  Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Joey: Now? You want me to go over there now?
Rachel: Yeah!
Joey: Do you know something?
Rachel: Do you know something?
Joey: I might know something.
Rachel: I might know something too.
Joey: What's the thing you know?
Rachel: Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
Joey: I can't tell you what I know.
Rachel: Well then I can't tell you what I know.
Joey: Okay, fine.
Joey: You don't know!
Rachel: All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know! 
Joey:  YOU KNOW!!!!
Rachel: AND YOU KNOW!!!
Joey: Yeah, I know!!!!
Rachel: Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Joey: Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen… 
Joey and Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So…
Joey: Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
Rachel: Ohhh, yeah, me too.
Phoebe: That's weird.  I bet they're doing it.


[Date: January 21, 1999, Session #704]

Joey: Hey Ross!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross:  Hey-yeah.  Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please?  Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
All: What? Oh!
Chandler: Sorry man.
Gunther: Here's your scone.
Ross: Oh, thanks Gunther.  STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!
Chandler: Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Phoebe: Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Rachel: Pheebs, I don’t think anyone's mad about that.
Phoebe: Exactly! Because it's in the past!
Joey:  Anybody gonna eat that?


[Date: January 22, 1999, Session #705]

Phoebe: Okay, then what happened?
Phoebe:  Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  You'll get your turn!
Ross:  Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
Phoebe: Nothing!   This is not over!
Ross: No! No! No!
Phoebe: What?!
Ross: I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in…  Actually, thanks!
Joey:  All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
Ross: Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Joey: Really?
Ross: Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
Joey: Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Ross: That's okay, Joe.
Joey: All right, let's go Pheebs.
Ross:  Oh God!


[Date: January 23, 1999, Session #706]

Monica: I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Joey: Maybe we should check the trash chute.
Rachel: Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.
Joey: That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: There he is!
Monica: Oh my God!  Where the hell have you been?!!
Ross: Just, y'know out.
Rachel: Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
Phoebe: What were you doing?
Ross: I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.
Rachel: You walked around all night in the city by yourself?
Joey:  He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
Ross: Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Joey: He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
Janice:  Ross you left you scarf in… Hey you guys. 


[Date: January 23, 1999, Session #707]

Janice: Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
Rachel: Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
Janice: So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.
Phoebe: Oh, nobody's judging you. 
Janice: Oh! Okay!  You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me! 
Ross: Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say…
Phoebe: You two will have very hairy children.
Ross: Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
Rachel: Ross! Janice?!
Joey: All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Ross: Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Phoebe: So are you actually gonna see her again?
Joey: Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
Ross: I am gonna see her again.
Joey: Damnit Phoebe!!


[Date: January 23, 1999, Session #708]

Joey: All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Joey: All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.  And they're off! 
Phoebe: Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
Joey: Judge rules, no violation.
Phoebe: Ohhh.
Ross:  Hey guys!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Yeah!
Ross: Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
Joey: What?!
Phoebe: Are you serious?!
Ross: Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours.  It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
Phoebe: You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We…
Joey: And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
Phoebe:  No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Joey: Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
Phoebe: Ohh, tough call.
Joey: Yeah.


[Date: January 24, 1999, Session #709]

Gunther: Here you go. 
Ross: Thanks!
Janice: Actually, I should get going.
Ross: Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Janice: Yes! Yes! You did!
Ross: Oh…
Janice: What is wrong now?!
Ross: This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then…
Janice: I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee—ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
Ross: Okay. Sometimes I feel…
Janice: No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Ross: Huh?
Janice:  You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
Ross: Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney?  So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Janice: Well yeah!!
Ross: OH…MY…GOD!!
Janice: Are you gonna be okay?
Ross: I am now.
Janice: Okay.
Joey: Umm, hi.
Janice: Oh hi! Well, I guess that's two out of three, Joey. 


[Date: January 24, 1999, Session #710]

Ross: Dude, we got to talk.
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice.  What you're-you're not mad?
Chandler: Why would I be mad?
Ross: Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Chandler:  I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Ross: Okay.
Chandler: I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
Ross: All right.
Chandler: And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty  seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down—let's write it down!

[Date: February 5, 1999, Session #711]

Chandler: I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just—I didn't know what it was!
Joey: Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Chandler: Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Ross:  Hey.
Joey: Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! 
Ross: Sorry.
Chandler:  And the bunny got away. 
Ross:  This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Joey: Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Chandler: And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Joey: Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
Chandler: Done.
Rachel: Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Joey: Great! Thanks, Rach!
Rachel: Sure!  God, please take those off!
Joey: All right.
Ross: Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
Chandler: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Is everything okay?
Joey: Are you all right?
Phoebe: Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Joey: Pheebs! Sorry!
Phoebe: It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Rachel: Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
Phoebe: Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
Monica:  Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Ross: Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
Monica: Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe: It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Monica:  Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Phoebe: Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Joey: Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe: It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.


[Date: February 5, 1999, Session #712]

Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Joey: What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Ross: Your make-up!
Rachel:  Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
Joey: Yeah, but sandwich time is right now. 
Rachel: Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
Joey: Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Rachel: All right, then you owe me $350.
Joey: Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? 
Rachel:  Joey…
Joey: All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Ross: What's the part, Anti-man?
Rachel: Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
Joey: U-N-I-sexy? 


[Date: February 6, 1999, Session #713]

Phoebe: Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Rachel: Hi sweetie!
Ross: Hey, how are you holding up?
Joey: Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe:  Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
Joey: Here, I brought you some flowers. 
Phoebe: Thanks!
Chandler: Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.
Man: Oops, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is this the umm, the memorial?
Phoebe: Yeah, welcome.
Man: Hello. Hello.
Phoebe: Umm here's your 3-D glasses.
Man: Oh, umm, all right.
Phoebe: So how did you know Francis?
Man: Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-with her and her daughter.
Phoebe: Really?! What's your name?
Man: Umm, Frank Buffay.
Frank Sr.:  Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
Phoebe: You're Frank Buffay?
Frank Sr.: Shh!  No! Joe Hill!
Phoebe: You just said…
Frank Sr.: Y'know what, I gotta go. And thank you so much for coming. 
Phoebe: But…
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Monica: What?! What honey?
Ross: What happened?
Phoebe: That was my dad!
Chandler: Oh my God!
Joey:  Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out.  It's like it's coming right at me. 


[Date: February 6, 1999, Session #714]

Monica: Oh, did you catch him?!
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Ross: Wh-what did he say?!
Phoebe: He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda."  Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Rachel: Why?! Why not?!
Phoebe: Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Joey: What did you say to him?
Phoebe: Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
The Pastor: Could everyone please take their seats?
Phoebe: All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
Rachel: Okay.
Monica: All right, let's go say good-bye.


[Date: February 6, 1999, Session #715]

Joey:  Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Rachel: Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
Chandler: And a date with a man!
Joey: Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey,  comes with a bag! 
Phoebe: All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Rachel: Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Phoebe: Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Ross: Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger!  I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!"  I kinda scared myself.
Monica: Well, at least you scared someone.
Phoebe: Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Monica: Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
Phoebe: All right.
Phoebe: Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Monica: What are you talking about?
Phoebe: As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Monica:  I give good massages!  I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! 
Phoebe:  He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
Monica: No he's not!
Chandler:  Yes, he is!
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
Monica: You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
Ross: Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Monica: But the minute we start to lie to each other…  And by 'we' I mean society.


[Date: February 6, 1999, Session #716]

Joey:  Hi.
All: Hey!
Chandler: Hey man, how did the audition go?
Joey: Estelle said I didn't get it. 
Rachel: What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
Joey: Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
Ross: What kind of problem?
Joey: Well to tell you the truth, they uh,  they had a problem with the bag!
Chandler: Oh my God!
Ross: Nooooo!
Joey: Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
Monica: Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Joey: I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach?  Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Rachel: Honey wait, Joey, I’m sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it… 
Chandler: Oh, hey! 
Rachel: …I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
Joey: I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Rachel: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn’t have a bag, I just—it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm,  controversial.
Chandler: Yeah umm, they're called wallets.

[Date: February 11, 1999, Session #717]

Phoebe:  Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
Rachel: I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
Ross: Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.
Rachel: Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.
Chandler: And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
Ross: Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!
All: Good idea! Yes!
Ross: It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Joey: Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Chandler: Or we can do the actual telephone thing.


[Date: February 11, 1999, Session #718]

Ross: Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Rachel: Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
Phoebe: It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
Ross:  Ohh. 
Rachel: Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom. 
Phoebe:  Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler!  Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey!  Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Rachel: What?!
Phoebe:  Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Rachel: Oh my God!
Phoebe: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Rachel: OH MY GOD!!!
Phoebe: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Rachel: Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Phoebe: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Rachel: I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
Phoebe: YOU KNOW?!!!
Rachel: Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Ross:  What's going on?
Phoebe and Rachel: Ohhh!!!
Rachel:  HI!! Hi!
Ross: What?! What?!
Rachel: Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Ross: Actually, it looks really good. 
Phoebe:  Get in here!!! 


[Date: February 12, 1999, Session #719]

Rachel: Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
Monica: Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Rachel: Oh.
Monica: Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Chandler: Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Monica: Okay.
Rachel: Okay great, hold on a sec!  Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Monica: I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Phoebe: I have quarters! 
Ross:  Hey!
Rachel: Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
Ross: Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
tip the scales in my direction. Check it out, you can probably see it from the window. 
Monica: Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Ross: No.
Chandler: That new mountain bike?
Ross: No.
Monica: Well what did you send?
Ross: A basket of mini-muffins.
Phoebe: But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Ross: The small one.
Rachel: What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
Ross: Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Chandler: Your work makes me sad.
Ross: Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again! 
Rachel: All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Monica: Bye!
All: Bye!
Phoebe: Bye Chandler!   I miss you already. 
Chandler:  Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Monica: Actually, I did!
Chandler: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Monica: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Chandler: Are you serious?
Monica: Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Chandler:  Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!


[Date: February 12, 1999, Session #720]

Ross: Noooo.
Rachel: Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
Phoebe: Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Ross: Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Rachel: Y'know what you should do?
Ross: Huh?
Rachel: You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Joey: I'm listening.
Rachel:  See?
Ross: That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Phoebe: He broke that.
Ross: Well, he had gravity boots.
Rachel: Yeah, he broke those too.
Joey: So he likes to break stuff.
Ross: Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out.  Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Phoebe: I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Joey: Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Ross: Right. 
Rachel: Hello!  Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here!  It's Chandler.
Phoebe:  Oh?  Hello you.
Chandler: Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. 
Phoebe: Eh?
Chandler: Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Phoebe: Really?
Chandler: Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Phoebe: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye!  Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Rachel: Are you kidding?!
Phoebe: No!
Rachel: I can not believe he would do that to Mon—Whoa!  Joey, do they know that we know?
Joey: No.
Rachel: Joey!
Joey: They know you know.
Rachel: Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Phoebe: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know!  Joey, you can't say anything!
Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too.


[Date: February 12, 1999, Session #721]

Ross: Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but—I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and  I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.

[Date: February 13, 1999, Session #722]

Ross: A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
Dr. Ledbetter: I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.
Ross: Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.
Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?
Ross: Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I—What?  No! Wh… What are you doing?!!  GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!

[Date: February 13, 1999, Session #723]

Ross: Chandler!!! Chandler!!!  Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Chandler:  Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! 
Monica: What are you doing?!
Chandler: Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
Monica: Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross.   Hold on!  Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Ross: What the hell are doing?!!
Rachel:  Hey, what's-what's going on?!
Chandler: Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Joey:  Dude! He's right there!
Ross:  I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Chandler: Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Monica: I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
Ross:  My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this.   You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
Rachel: Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.
Ross: What? What? What?! You guys knew?  You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Rachel: Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
Ross:  You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react? 
Joey: Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business?  Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.


[Date: February 18, 1999, Session #724]

Ross: Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids…
Chandler:  Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
Joey:  I call Godfather!
Ross: You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?
Joey: Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.
Monica: Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
Chandler: Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Rachel: Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.
Phoebe: Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
Rachel: Okay.
Joey:  Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.
Katie: Hi!
All: Hi!
Joey: So, are you ready to go?
Katie: Yeah, I just gotta run to the bathroom.
Joey: Oh sure, right back there. 
Katie: Hey, where are we going to lunch?
Joey: I was thinking Chinese food.
Katie: Ohh, I love Chinese! How did you know I love Chinese?! 
Rachel: She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!
Joey: I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but…
Monica: But what?
Joey:  She keeps punching me.
Monica: In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
Joey: Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay?  She-she-she's hurting me.
Monica: I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Chandler: Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Rachel: Aww, Joey, come here.  Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?


[Date: February 18, 1999, Session #725]

Ross:  Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.
Ross: Aww.
Phoebe: Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.
Ross: Huh.
Phoebe: Bread, so you never go hungry.
Ross: Ohh.
Phoebe: And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.
Ross: Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Guy: Hi!
Ross: Hi!
Guy: Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.
Ross: Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
Steve: Oh hi Phoebe.
Phoebe: Mr. President.
Steve: I came to talk to you about Howard.
Ross: Howard?
Steve: Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
Ross: Oh that's nice.
Steve: Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or…
Ross: Oh. Uhh…
Steve: Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door. 
Ross: No-no, it's not that, it's just… I-I just moved in.
Steve: Well, the guy's worked here for 25 years.
Ross: Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
Steve: Oh, okay, I get it. 
Ross: No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
Steve: Howard's the handy man!
Ross: Yes but too me he's just, man.
Steve: Okay, fine, whatever. Welcome to the building. 
Ross:  Ugh, can you believe that guy!
Phoebe: Yeah. I really like his glasses.


[Date: February 19, 1999, Session #726]

Ross: …so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Chandler:  Sounds like a fun party.
Rachel: Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Ross: It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Rachel: Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
Ross: Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags. 
Rachel: And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Chandler: Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Rachel: Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Chandler: Wh-wh-why?!
Rachel: Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Chandler: Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Rachel: Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Chandler: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I’m right. I'm right. Am I right?
Rachel: No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Chandler: Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Rachel: Not unless different means the same.


[Date: February 20, 1999, Session #727]

Chandler: It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Ross and Joey: Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.
Chandler: By me?
Ross: Oh, no!
Joey: No-no.
Ross: Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
Joey: Yeah, big!
Joey: Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.
Monica: Gunther, can I get a coffee  to go?
Chandler: Monica. 
Monica: I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
Chandler: Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Monica: What?!
Chandler: Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Monica: Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one. 


[Date: February 21, 1999, Session #728]

Party Guests:  Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard!  Howard! Howard! Howard!  Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard!  Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Ross: Phoebe! 
Phoebe: Oh, hi Ross!
Ross: What are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it’s a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man! 
Guest #1: See ya Phoebe! Oh and hey, thanks for chipping in!
Ross: You chipped in?!
Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
Ross: Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Phoebe: Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Ross: Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Phoebe: No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Steve:  Oh hey, Pheebs!
Phoebe: Hey!
Steve: Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about. 
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, my bad.


[Date: February 21, 1999, Session #729]

Ross:  Phoebe?
Phoebe:  That's what I'm saying. 
Ross:  Phoebe? Phoebe?
Phoebe: Ooh. 
Ross: Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
Phoebe: No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Ross: So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Phoebe: Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
Ross: Ohh. 
Phoebe: But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
Ross: What?!
Phoebe: Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Ross:  Ohh, this cake is really good!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already!
Guest #2:  Oh my God! Someone cut Howard's cake!  Who would do a think like that?
Steve: 3-B!
All: Oh yeah, aww!
Steve: Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?!
Guest #3: Yeah, leave!
All: Yeah, get out! Now!
Steve: Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
Phoebe: All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross?  Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags!  I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys   Gold-digger,  cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.


[Date: February 21, 1999, Session #730]

Phoebe: Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Ross: Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.


[Date: February 21, 1999, Session #731]

Chandler: Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Monica:  I'm Monica.
Chandler: I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Monica: Okay.
Chandler: Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. 
Monica: Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Chandler:  Monica…
Monica: No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
Chandler: Will you marry me?
Ross: Oh-no. No. No.
Joey: What a bad idea!
Rachel: Ohhhh, I cannot look at it! 
Monica: Chandler, why are you doing this?
Chandler: I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
Monica: Chandler.
Chandler: I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Monica: Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler: No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married.  Will you be my wife?
Monica:  Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Monica: Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Chandler: Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. 
Monica: Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Ross: Hey!
Joey: She's right y'know.
Ross: Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
Monica: Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Chandler: I didn't think I was!
Monica: Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Chandler: Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. 


[Date: February 21, 1999, Session #732]

Joey: Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Ross: No, I will not!
Joey: Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
Ross: You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Phoebe: Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Rachel: Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Chandler: Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Monica: Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Ross: This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? 
Chandler: That's not funny.
Joey: That's not funny at all!

[Date: February 26, 1999, Session #733]

Rachel:  Ugh!
Ross:  Yeah, I still don't know.  I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says,  "Come here to me!"
Rachel: What?! You say that to kids?!!
Ross: No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.
Rachel: Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch.
The Salesman: You picked a great couch.
Ross: Yeah?
The Salesman: Yeah. Could you just sign right here please? 
Ross: Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Rachel: Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
Ross: Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you!  All right Rach, let's go! 
Rachel: Yeah!   Are you kiddin'?
Ross: Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
Rachel:  Oh. Oh! I can do it!
Ross: Yeah!
The Salesman: You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
Ross: Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. 
The Salesman: Ohh, okay.  Something didn't quite add up there. 
Rachel: Ross!
Ross: What's that supposed to mean?
Rachel: Ross!
The Salesman: Well you, her, I mean, she's very…y'know. And you're like…y'know.
Ross: Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out.
The Salesman: Really? You two?
Ross: Yeah! Rach?
Rachel: Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Ross: Then tell him quickly.
Rachel:  Fine!  We went out.
Ross: Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
Rachel: Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
Ross: A loser you did it with  298 times!


[Date: February 26, 1999, Session #734]

Ross: Okay. 
Rachel: Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?
Ross: Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go.
Ross: Okay, go left. Left! Left! 
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!
Ross: Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it!  Okay. You got it?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: Good-good-good.
Rachel: Oh-oh!
Ross: Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it?
Rachel: Any chance you think the couch looks good there?


[Date: February 26, 1999, Session #735]

Ross: Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
Rachel:  Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.
Ross: Oh great! What, you brought Joey?
Rachel: Well, I brought the next best thing.
Chandler:  Hey!
Ross: Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
Chandler: Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so…
Ross: Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it.  Okay Rach,  that's you. That's the couch. 
Rachel: Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? 
Ross: Oh, that's me.
Rachel: Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
Ross: No! That's-that's my arm!
Chandler:  Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Ross: Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead.
Rachel: Okay!
Chandler: Okay.
Ross: Come on, Chandler.
Ross: All right.  Okay, here we go!
Ross: All right, ready?
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Turn.
Chandler:  Okay.
Ross: Turn! Turn!
Chandler: Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Rachel: Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
Ross: Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot!  Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
Ross: Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore.
Chandler and Rachel: You think?!
Ross: All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.
Chandler: Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
Ross: I can't believe that didn't work!
Rachel: I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!
Chandler: Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?


[Date: February 26, 1999, Session #736]

Ross: I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.
The Saleswoman: You wanna return this couch?  It's cut in half!
Ross: That's what I'm telling you.
The Saleswoman: Did you cut this couch in half?
Ross: This couch, is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half!
The Saleswoman: You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?!
Ross: Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit.
The Saleswoman: I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
Ross:  I take it.

[Date: March 18, 1999, Session #737]

Rachel: Good, you guys are all here!
Ross: Hey! What's up?
Rachel: Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!
All: Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!
Rachel: I know!
Joey: Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
Rachel: Wh-what?!
Joey: I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Rachel: Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
Phoebe: Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: You wanna work on your interview skills?
Rachel: O-okay!
Phoebe: Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
Rachel: Hi.
Phoebe: Very good handshake, good wrist action.
Monica: Let me try. 
Phoebe: Okay.  Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! 
Monica: Did I squeeze it too hard?
Phoebe: Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.


[Date: March 18, 1999, Session #738]

Ross: Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
Joey: This is your place?
Ross: Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing. 
Joey: But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! 


[Date: March 19, 1999, Session #739]

Joey: Damnit!! Did you move?!
Ross: Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place.  I'm Ross.
The Old Man: Yes?
Joey:  Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
The Old Man: No. I'm all alone.
Joey: Yeah. Sorry about that.  Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
The Little Girl: Daddy!!
Joey: Later!  Oh man!  Hot girl! Hot girl!!


[Date: March 19, 1999, Session #740]

Rachel:  Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Rachel: Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
Ross: You got ink on your lip.
Rachel: Oh.  Ohhhhhhhhh….


[Date: March 20, 1999, Session #741]

Ross:  Hey!
The Man:  Excuse me.  You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
Ross:  Who isn't?
Ross: I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.
The Hot Girl: I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
Ross: Nevermind! 
The Hot Girl: No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
Ross: I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm…
The Hot Girl: Jen.
Ross: Jen, I know this may sound a little… But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or…
Jen: Sure! That would be nice.
Ross: Umm?
Jen: Oh! My number is on there.  Give me a call.
Ross: I will give you a call.
Jen: I'll see you later. 
Ross: Okay!
Jen: I forgot my paper. 


[Date: March 20, 1999, Session #742]

Ross: So uhh, you ready?
Jen: Sure, I'll just get my coat.  Could you get that?
Ross: Sure.  Joey…
Joey: Dahhhhh!!  No! Noooo!! 


[Date: March 21, 1999, Session #743]

Rachel:  I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Monica: Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Chandler:  You guys ready fore the movies?
Rachel: Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Ross:  Man! They cannot get enough! 

[Date: April 8, 1999, Session #744]

Joey: Okay, pick a card.
Chandler: Okay. 
Joey: All right now, memorize it.  You got it?
Chandler: Oh yes.
Joey:  Is that your card? 
Chandler:  Yes.
Carol:  Hey guys!
Ross: Hi!
Chandler: Hi there!
Ben: Hi!!
Carol: Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!
Phoebe: What are you talking about?!
Ross:  Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Joey:  Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town!  Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!!  I mean, way to go Ben!  Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Ross: I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings…
Joey: I'm always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
Chandler: That.


[Date: April 9, 1999, Session #745]

Rachel:  Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!
Joey: Luck!
Chandler: Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Rachel: Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day…
Chandler: Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Monica: Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
Rachel: Okay guys, way to wish me luck!
All: Good luck! Go get 'em! 
Phoebe: Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
Joey: Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
Phoebe: Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Monica: I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Joey: Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
Ross:  Okay!!
Joey: Done.
Phoebe: Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
Monica: I would love to do it together!
Joey: They're gonna do it together.
Chandler: Dude! That's my girlfriend!
Joey: What, so I gotta shut it down now?
Ross: All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
Monica: It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Weirder than watching his two moms make out? 
Joey: Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Ross: Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
Joey: Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Ross: You're not his godfather.
Joey: What?! Are you kidding?!
Ross:  Of course I am!  Okay, let's go godfather.
Joey: All right!


[Date: April 9, 1999, Session #746]

Joey: Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Ross: Really? That's great!
Joey: I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her…
Carol:  Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Joey: Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….
Ross: Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you, 
Joey: That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
Ross: Joey, you look nothing like Ben.
Joey: I look more like him than you do! 
Carol: Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.


[Date: April 9, 1999, Session #747]

Rachel: …and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Monica: That doesn't seem fair.
Rachel: I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Chandler: Yeah, it is the best.
Rachel: I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Monica: Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Rachel: Yeah, I can do that.
Chandler: Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
Phoebe:  Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
Rachel: I would love to!
Phoebe: Oh good!
Chandler: Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Phoebe: Oh good.
Phoebe: Oh wait, I change my mind!  Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! 
Monica: Yeah, me too! 
Phoebe: Oh, look at that.
Monica: All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Phoebe: What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Monica: Oh, we're not doing that. Okay…
Phoebe: So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Monica: What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Phoebe: Like what?
Monica:  Cups.
Phoebe: Cups? You're giving me cups?
Monica: And ice!
Phoebe: Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice?  All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Monica: Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant…
Phoebe: I got it! Mine!
Ross:  Hi.
Monica: Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Ross: Not so good.
Monica: Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's  "Audition didn't go so well.  Yeah it did?"
Ross:  Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Joey:  Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.
Monica: You got a callback too didn't you?
Joey:  Yeah I did!


[Date: April 10, 1999, Session #748]

Ross: Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Joey: Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so…
Carol: Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Joey: Who knows?
The Casting Director:  Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Ross: Yes!! I knew it!!  Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Joey: Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Ross: Yeah!
The Casting Director: Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two  or you two.  
Joey: Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Ross: Yeah, it is.
Kyle: Yeah. It's gonna be weird.
Ross: No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Kyle: Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking.


[Date: April 10, 1999, Session #749]

Phoebe:  Hey!
Ross and Chandler: Hi!
Phoebe: Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Chandler: Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Phoebe: Umm, cups.
Chandler: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Ross: Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Phoebe: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Chandler: Y'know I rued the day once…didn't get a whole lot else done.
Phoebe: Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups.  Oh, hi Joey!
Joey: Hey Pheebs!  Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
Ross: What's up?
Joey: Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross: Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Joey: That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Ross: Well, you just…
Joey: I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Ross: What?!
Joey: What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Chandler:  Well I mean, let me get the door first.  Oh, hi! No one. 
Ross: Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Joey: At least I care about his feelings!
Ross: What?!
Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
Ross: And why wouldn't he get it?
Joey: Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Ross: Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Joey: You just give him a spoon baby!
Ross: Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
Joey: Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
Ross: You're kid's name is Raymond!
Joey: Yeah?! So's yours!


[Date: April 11, 1999, Session #750]

Joey: Hmmm, soup!  Hmm soup!  Hmm, soup!
Carol: Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
Joey: Oh yeah, no problem.
Carol: Thanks. 
Joey:  Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Ross:  Joey!
Joey:  Ross!
Ross:  Ben!   I mean, Ben! Ben!
The Casting Director:  Okay, Raymond, Joey you're up.
Joey: Hi!
The Casting Director: Okay, uh well, let's try one. Whenever you guys are ready. 
Joey: Uh-oh.
The Casting Director: Is there a problem?
Joey: Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
The Casting Director: Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."
Joey: Oh, what did I say?
The Casting Director: Hmm, noodle soup.
Joey: How's that different?  Oh! Yeah!
The Casting Director: All right, let's try one.
Joey: Hmm, noodle soup.
The Casting Director: Okay. Let's do it again.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Hmm, soup.  I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!
Raymond: COME ON!!!!
The Casting Director: Y'know what? We need to move on.
Joey: No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look!  Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit! 


[Date: April 12, 1999, Session #751]

Phoebe:  Check it out! Cup hat!  Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! 
Chandler: Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Monica:  Why don't you just go out with her!
Phoebe:  And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! Mystical!
Chandler: Awesome!
Monica: Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
Chandler: There are snow cones!  Snow cones! Yuck!
Monica: Y'know…go! Go! Right there! 
Chandler: Thank you! Thank you! 
Phoebe:  Oh, look! Look! Look!
All: Surprise!!
Rachel: What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
Monica: That's the surprise!
Rachel: Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
All: Surprise!
Rachel: Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
Phoebe: I was in charge of cups.
Rachel: Oh, okay, not so weird.
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Hey.
Ross: Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
Joey: Yeah right! 
Ross: No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Joey: Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup." 
Ross: Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Joey: What you do mean?
Ross: I think, sub-consciously…
Joey: Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
Ross:  I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
Joey: Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine.  Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor…
Ross: No!
Joey: No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Ross: There you go. Thank you!
Joey: Thank you! So, did-did he get it?
Ross: No.
Joey: Eh, what are you gonna do?


[Date: April 22, 1999, Session #752]

Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
Chandler: Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Ross: Wow! How'd you get in there?
Chandler: Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Delivery Girl: Hi Chandler!
Chandler: Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
Caitlin: Ugh, I hate it! I look like an 8-year-old boy.
Chandler: Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Caitlin: It's uh, 27 dollars even.
Chandler: Oh, okay.  Here you go.
Caitlin: Hey, where's the chicken?
Chandler: Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Caitlin:  Great. I'll see you later!
Chandler: Okay, bye!
Ross: What the hell was that?!
Chandler: What?
Ross: The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
Chandler: I was not flirting.
Ross: It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Chandler: Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Ross: Yeah, right.
Chandler: You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. 
Ross:  I'm good.


[Date: April 22, 1999, Session #753]

Rachel: I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
Phoebe: I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Rachel: No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
Phoebe: Don't get me started on that.
Chandler: I was not flirting.
Ross: And on your anniversary, for shame!
Rachel: What's going on?
Ross: Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
Chandler: I was not and oh God, shh!
Ross: Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Phoebe: Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
Ross: Well…
Chandler: Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
Rachel: Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Ross: Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
Rachel: Hm-mmm.
Ross: And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little…
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Phoebe:  Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Ross: This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Phoebe: See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Joey:  Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
Rachel: Big night!
Phoebe: This is so cool!
Chandler: So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
Joey: Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
Chandler: I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother.  I've done it again.
Joey: She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.
Joey: Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so…
Monica:  Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Chandler: Happy Anniversary, 10 months! 
Monica: So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London…
Chandler: Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. 
Monica: Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
Chandler: The one that doesn't.
Monica: That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Chandler: Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Monica: That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
Chandler: Okay.
Monica:  You have got to go home!
Phoebe: But I like it here!
Monica: You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Phoebe: Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Monica: Great!
Phoebe: Okay!  Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Rachel: Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back. 
Joey: Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Phoebe: I guess so. 
Rachel:  Here you go. Thank you!
Phoebe: Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Rachel: Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Phoebe: Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Rachel: Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Phoebe: Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Rachel: Tell her to wear her own earrings.
Phoebe: These are her earrings.
Rachel: Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Phoebe: Why not?
Rachel: Because I lose her stuff!
Joey: Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
Joey: Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Chandler: If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Monica:  Rach? What are you doing?
Rachel: Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
Monica: It's a diaper commercial.
Rachel: Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!
Caitlin: Pizza delivery!
Ross: I'll get it! I will get that! 
Caitlin: Hi!
Ross: Hi!
Caitlin: One uh, vegetarian pizza. That's $12.15.
Ross: Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
Caitlin: What?!
Ross:  The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Caitlin: Oh. Thanks.
Ross: You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
Caitlin: Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.
Chandler: Here you go.  Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Caitlin: I'm gonna try. 
Chandler: You're welcome.
Ross: You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
Chandler: What?
Ross: This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
Monica: What's goin' on?
Ross: Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
Chandler: Thank you for that!  I was not flirting.
Monica: It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Ross: Really?!
Chandler: Really?!
Monica: It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Chandler:  So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Monica: Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Chandler: Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Joey:  True story! 
Monica: Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Chandler: Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Rachel: Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
Ross: And thank you, for that.
Rachel: But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Ross: What?  What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Rachel: Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
Ross: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number!  And not the one on the menu!
Phoebe:  I found it!
Rachel: Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
Phoebe: On your dresser.
Rachel: Okay that is the one we already have!
Joey: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here!  Oh my God.
Monica: What?
Joey:  Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
Chandler:  Well, what is it?
Joey:  Oh, they cut me out of the show.
Rachel:  What?!
Ross:  Are you sure?
Phoebe:  Maybe your scene's coming up?
Joey:  Not likely.  'Cause you see that body bag right there
Rachel:  Yeah.
Joey:  I'm in it.


[Date: April 22, 1999, Session #754]

Phoebe:  This is terrible, what are you going to do?
Joey:  I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
Phoebe:  That's not good.
Joey:  No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! 
Rachel:  Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Chandler:  If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
Grandma Tribbiani: 
Joey: Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! 
Grandma Tribbiani:  No! Sam Waterston!
Joey: No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
Grandma Tribbiani: No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
Chandler: Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
Monica:  Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Phoebe: But I already gave them back to you!
Monica: No you didn't.
Phoebe: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said.  Where is that other earring?
Rachel: It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay! 
Phoebe: Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
Rachel: Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Phoebe: Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
Ross:  Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Phoebe:  Why are you being weird?
Ross: Do you like it?
Phoebe: No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Ross: Okay, I'm working on my flirting.
Phoebe: Ohh! I did not get that.
Chandler: So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
Monica: Yeah, it's good.
Chandler: See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Monica: Chandler!  Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Chandler: Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Monica: Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Chandler: Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Monica: No way!
Chandler: It's true.
Monica: Well that's pathetic!
Chandler: Again true.
Monica: And this goes for all guys?
Chandler: All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Joey:  All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
Ross: Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like  ten minutes left!
Joey: I know, I know! What am I going to do?  Ooh!
Monica: No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
Joey:  Yeah, all right.  Ooh! 
Grandma Tribbiani: Joey!
Chandler: Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back!  Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you.  So, you're old and small.
Rachel:    Hey!
Phoebe: Did you find it?
Rachel: The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer. 
Phoebe: Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Rachel: Okay, calm down, here they are. 
Monica:  Phoebe! 
Phoebe:  What are we going to do?!
Rachel: I don't know, I don't know.
Phoebe: All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
Rachel: Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Phoebe: I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Rachel: Ohh that'd be great!
Phoebe: Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
Monica: Yeah, what is it?
Phoebe: Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
Monica:  Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Phoebe: I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
Monica: All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
Phoebe: No.
Monica: Look at you! Come here!  Feel better?
Phoebe: Yeah! You're the best!
Rachel: Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too. 
Monica:  That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!!  Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Rachel: Your sunglasses?!
Monica: Yes!
Phoebe: Oh, right! 
Caitlin:  Pizza!
Ross:  Oh, mine! Mine! Mine!  Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Chandler: Okay, hold on.  Okay. 
Rachel: Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to… 
Ross: You'll see. Okay.  Oh, what's-what's her name?
All: Caitlin!
Grandma Tribbiani: Caitlin!
Ross:  Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this. 
Caitlin: It's uh, $12.50.
Ross: Okay,  so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
Caitlin: No actually umm, I think that they're umm, gas.
Ross: Gas? Wow! Intense.
Chandler:  If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
Ross:  Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
Caitlin:  Yeah.
Ross: They put that in.
Caitlin: What?!
Ross: The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Caitlin:  Well okay!
Ross: A lot of other gas smells…
Chandler: Oh the humanity.
Ross: Meth-methane smells…
Caitlin: Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Ross: Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
Caitlin: Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me! 
Ross:  Was I talking to her about gas?
Chandler: More so than anything else.
Phoebe: I-I-I found it interesting.
Rachel: I'm sorry.
Ross: Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there. 
Rachel: Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes. 
Phoebe:  Ross?
Ross: Yeah?
Phoebe: What else do they add smell too?


[Date: April 22, 1999, Session #755]

Rachel:  Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
Ross: What do you mean?
Rachel: Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number. 
Ross: And she just gave you this?
Rachel: Yeah!
Ross: Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
Rachel: I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Ross: Well that I can believe.
Rachel: Yay!
Joey:  Hey! Is the show still on?
Chandler: Almost over man.
Joey:  Look! Oh!  Is that the Pope?! 
Chandler: Why am I looking?
Joey: Oh, here I am, here's my big scene!
Joey:  All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!
Grandma Tribbiani: Oh Joey!
Joey: That's right!
Chandler: You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Joey:  Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars.  Choo! Choo! Choo!  Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it… Choo!! And if I don't get it,  I'm gonna shoot this duck!
Phoebe: Oh no!
Joey:  I'm comin' out! 
Ross:  And she's supposed to buy this?!
Grandma Tribbiani: Joey, bravo! 
Chandler:  Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown…engines…on!
Joey:  That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!
Phoebe: I am definitely gonna watch that!


[Date: April 22, 1999, Session #756]

Monica: What about these? These look the same?
Phoebe: Definitely!
Monica: Not as each other!
Phoebe: Oh, then no.
Chandler:  Hey!
Monica: Hi!
Chandler: You ready?
Monica: Yeah.
Chandler: You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
Monica: Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
Chandler: Let me see the earrings.
Monica: Oh, honey, the earrings…
Chandler:  They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
Monica: My boyfriend really does have good taste!
Chandler:  Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Ross: Hm-mmm.

[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #757]

Monica: Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Joey: Oh, yeah, good idea.
Chandler: Hey man, what's up?
Ross:  Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. 
Joey: Ooh, Ross, look! Look! 
Ross:  What? Where?
Joey: Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
Ross: What am I looking at?
Joey:  Somebody help me out here!
Phoebe:  Hey!
Gary: Hello!
Monica: Hey!
Gary: How are you?
Phoebe: Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Joey: You got to go on a ride along?!
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Joey: I want to go on a ride along!
Ross: Me too!
Gary: Okay!
Chandler: Yeah, yeah! Me too!
Gary: Really?! You?
Chandler: Yeah.
Gary: Well, it's kinda dangerous.
Chandler: Well, I like danger.
Gary: Okay, you guys free tonight?
Joey and Ross: Yeah!!
Chandler: Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #758]

Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Rachel: Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Monica: Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know… And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? 
Rachel: Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Monica: You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Rachel: Great! Thanks!
Monica: All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
Rachel: Okay.
Rachel: Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?
Monica: I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.
Rachel: Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
Ross: Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
Rachel: No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
Monica: All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Rachel: Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?
Monica: Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around…
Rachel: What?!
Monica: What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that!


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #759]

Ross:  That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.
Chandler: It is starting to get dark out there.
Ross:  He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!
Gary: Yeah well, being that he was the victim, they're usually pretty talkative.
Chandler:  Okay.  But it is officially nighttime.
Ross: Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?
Gary: It's called the cherry.
Ross: It's the—Chandler!!
Joey:  Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
Gary: Hey Joe does it have meatballs on it?
Joey: Oh-ho, yeah!
Gary: Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?
Joey: Yep!
Gary: Yeah, you can't eat that in my car.
Joey:  Yeah okay.  Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Chandler: Your tax dollars?
Joey: Yeah, okay.
Chandler:  Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
Joey: Did I say you could smell it?!
Chandler: I can't smell your sandwich?
Joey: Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
Chandler: Okay, I'll give them back.  Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Joey: Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.
Chandler: Okay.
Joey: Are you thinking about Monica?
Chandler: Yeah.
Joey: Yeah, what's that like?


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #760]

Ross: So where are we going next?
Gary: This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Chandler: Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Joey: Come on man!  Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
Gary: It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!
Ross: Yeah, no one talks like that!
Joey: Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
Ross: Hey, I'm more cop than you two!
Chandler: How do you figure that?
Ross: Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
Chandler: Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Ross: Umm, jealous! 
Gary: Hey, do you mind? We're under cover here.
Ross: Yeah, no problem. 
Gary: Ross!
Ross: Sorry! Sorry! Oh,  there!  Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!
Chandler: Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Joey: Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #761]

Chandler: Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!
Gary: No. But that reminds me,  sign this.
Ross: What is it?
Gary: Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
Chandler:  Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Gary: Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
Ross: What? What? What? What is it?
Joey: Is everything okay?
Chandler: What's going on?
Gary: Okay, he sees us. Now don't move. Don't look at him.
Gary: Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire.  Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
Joey:  You okay man?
Ross: Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
Chandler: Uh, HELLO!!
Joey: Hi.


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #762]

Monica: All right, I guess we should go.
Rachel: No, wait. Wait.
Monica: Oh yeah right! 
Rachel: No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!
Monica: There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Rachel: Yeah well unless we tell him.
Monica: Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
Rachel: Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
Ross:  Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye! 
Monica: Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Rachel: Right?


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #763]

Gary: Hey, anybody want to meet a hero?
Phoebe:  John Glenn is here?!
Gary: No, Joey!
Ross: Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car…
Gary: Wait! Hold on!   Hi!
Phoebe: Hi!
Gary:  Okay, go ahead.
Ross: Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
Phoebe: My God, Joey!
Chandler:  It was a car backfire!
Ross: Yeah, but-but he didn't know that!
Joey: Yeah, I didn't know that.
Ross: And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.
Gary: Hey Joe, you ever think about joining the force? We could use a guy like you.
Chandler: Who jumps at loud noises!
Ross: Wow! I could've died tonight.
Chandler: Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. 
Ross: I do have a newfound respect for life.
Chandler:  Oh my God! 
Gary:  So you wanna get some dinner?
Phoebe: Yeah! Sure! Yep!  Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Gary: Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad neighborhood.
Phoebe: Okay!
Gary: All right.
Phoebe: Bye!
Ross and Joey: Bye!
Joey: Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!


[Date: April 29, 1999, Session #764]

Rachel: Hey! Hi!
Ross: Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Rachel: Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Ross: Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh! 
Rachel: Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
Ross: The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Rachel: What?! What? What happened?!
Ross: Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
Rachel: Yeah!
Ross: And somebody took a shot at me!
Rachel:  Really?!
Ross: No, a car backfired, but  I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I…I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Rachel: Because a car backfired?
Ross:  Okay, why are you here?
Rachel: Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Ross: You talked to her?
Rachel: No, she left a message.   But it-it kinda got erased. There's just  something wrong with your machine.
Ross: Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Rachel: Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
Ross: Wow!
Rachel: Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Ross: Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Rachel: Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because—I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me—not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right.   Your decision.
Ross: Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Rachel: Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Ross: Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Rachel: Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Ross: You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Ross: Huh.
Rachel: I mean, look-look today you escaped   death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Ross: That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Rachel: Well, there you go!
Ross: Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
Rachel:  Close call day.
Ross: Hey, thanks Rach. 
Rachel: Ohh, honey no problem. Okay. 
Ross: Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
Rachel: Oh?
Ross:  "Hey Ross, it's you!"  Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
Rachel: No. 
Ross:  Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: Yeah, I want my money back.
Rachel:  Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right?


[Date: April 30, 1999, Session #765]

Ross: Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
Phoebe: Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Ross: I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Monica: Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Chandler: Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
Ross: I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
Chandler: Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
Joey: Yeah, hero sandwiches. 
Phoebe: Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way.  But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all.   Not you Joey.

[Date: May 6, 1999, Session #766]

Joey: Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?
Ross: Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Joey: Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
Ross:  Also an island.
Joey: Hey, what time is it?
Ross:  2:17.
Joey: Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Ross: Are you serious?!
Joey: Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Ross: Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Joey: Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
Rachel:  Hey, you guys…
Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Is Monica here?
Joey and Ross: No.
Rachel: All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Ross: You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Rachel: Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
Joey and Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: Okay!  Check it out!
Ross: What-what is it?!
Joey: What the hell is that?!!
Rachel: It's a, it's a cat!
Joey: That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Rachel: Yes it is!
Ross: Why is it inside out?!
Rachel: Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
Ross: How much did you pay for that?
Rachel: Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Ross: Yeah? How much?
Rachel: A thousand bucks.
Ross: ON A CAT??!!!!
Joey: It's not a cat!
Rachel: All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
Ross: Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Joey: It's not a cat!
Rachel: Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson.  Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Ross:  Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Joey: Uhh, the ball thing.
Ross: Yeah?
Joey: Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Ross: Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!
Joey: Okay!
Joey:  Uh-oh.
Ross: What?
Joey: I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
Joey: Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
Ross: I know!  Don't switch hands, okay?


[Date: May 6, 1999, Session #767]

Ross: …now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
{Y'know, sometimes I think the script writers throw in a line like that to try to trip me up. But it won't work. I'll always have the last laugh! <manical_laugh.wav> Okay, so maybe I'm a little deluded, it's probably just my spellchecker. But, I must admit I did get Mesozoic and Paleozoic on the first attempt. Yay me! Anyhoo…}
Joey: Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
{Oh, all right!  Geez, I can't have any fun!}
Monica:  Hey guys!
Joey: Hi!
Monica: Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night.  It was right here, where is it?
Joey: I don't know.
Monica: All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Ross: How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Monica: Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Joey: Oh, I don't know…. Yeah, can't do it.
Monica: What?!
Ross: Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!
Joey: Yeah, we haven't dropped it in… 
Ross: 2 hours, 27 minutes.
Monica: Really?!
Monica:  I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good.   Yes!!   Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. 
Ross: Hey Rach!
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
Rachel: Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.
Monica: Rach?
Rachel: Yeah?
Monica: You have scratches all over you, what happened? 
Rachel: Well, it's my cat.
Monica:  What?!
Rachel: Oh yeah, I got a cat.
Monica: I don't want a cat!
Joey: Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Ross: Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Monica:  What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Rachel: Well, I was gonna let you play with it.


[Date: May 6, 1999, Session #768]

Ross:  Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Chandler: Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Joey: That's right baby.
Chandler: All right, let me in. 
Monica:  No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
Chandler: What?
Monica: He's a dropper!
Joey: Oh yeah, that's right!
Chandler: I'm not a dropper!
Ross: It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
Chandler: It's throwing and catching!
Ross: All right. 
Chandler: Oh! Oh! That's so hard. 
Joey: Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Monica: Oh my—Oh good God!
Rachel:  I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Ross: Baking it didn't help, huh?
Monica: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Rachel: I tried! They won't take her back.
Chandler: Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Monica: Rach, why won't they take it back?
Rachel: Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Monica: Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Rachel: No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand! 
Monica: Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!!  Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Chandler: Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Phoebe and Gary:  Hey!
All: Hey!
Gary: We have great news!
Phoebe: We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
All: Congratulations! Congrats!
Phoebe: I know, I'm so excited!
Gary: So am I!
Phoebe: Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Gary: Okay, I'll see you at the station later.
Phoebe: Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
Gary: All right.
Monica: So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Phoebe: I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Monica: Why, do you write him a lot?
Phoebe: No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
All: Yeah! That's right. Yeah-yeah! Yeah!
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.


[Date: May 6, 1999, Session #769]

Ross: I'm starving!
Monica: Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Joey: I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We  invented this game!
Monica: Please! I made this game what it is.
Chandler: Not fun anymore?
Ross: I'm still hungry!
Monica: All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Ross: I am!
Monica: All right! Let's go!  Let's go Team Monica!  All right, we can work out the name later.
Monica: Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
Rachel: It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken.  Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.
Ross: Oh, thank God!
Joey: Did you get your money back?
Rachel: Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.
Monica: Wow! You made a profit!
Gunther:  I just came for the red-velvet pillow.
Rachel: Oh yeah, there you go. 
Gunther: Thanks Rachel. And-and don't forget you-you can come visit her anytime you want.
Rachel: Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind. 
Gunther:  Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?


[Date: May 7, 1999, Session #770]

Joey: Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Rachel: Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.
Ross: I know. My arm is killing me.
Rachel: No, I meant with the dropper over here. 
Chandler: Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper. 

[Date: May 13, 1999, Session #771]

Ross: What's going on?
Rachel: Well, my eye is a little itchy.
Joey: Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.
Monica:  Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
Rachel: Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!
Chandler: Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
Monica: Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
Chandler: Okay, so Richard, Richard!
Monica: It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
Rachel: Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!
Ross: Oh God, here we go!
Chandler: What?
Ross: Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! 
Rachel:  Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
All: All right, fine.
Monica: Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I? 
Rachel:  Monica! Come on!
Ross: Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I? 
Rachel:  Ross! Stop it! Come on!
Chandler: How much did I love The King and I? 
Rachel: Chandler!
Joey: Me too! Me too! Me too! 
Rachel: Just stop it! Come on!
Chandler: You okay there man?
Joey: Yeah, I got too excited!


[Date: May 14, 1999, Session #772]

Ross: All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
Phoebe: Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
Ross: All right, bye!
Monica: Bye!
Phoebe: Bye!
Ross: Later! 
Phoebe:  I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
Chandler: Wow umm, calm down.
Phoebe: I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!
Monica: Why are so mad at him?
Phoebe: Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
Monica: Well, it just seems that…
Phoebe: You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Chandler: Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
Phoebe: Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Joey:  Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what.  I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
Chandler: You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Joey: It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Phoebe: Ohh-oh, chilling!
Joey: And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas!  And you know what that means buddy!
Chandler: Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Joey: Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Phoebe: Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
Chandler: Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Phoebe: No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Joey: All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Joey: Oh umm, not go.
Chandler: All right, great, road trip baby!  This okay with you?
Monica: Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission.  You can go.
Chandler: Thank you.
Monica: Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Rachel:  All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh!  Ohhh! No! Look what I did!  Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Monica: No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky!  Chandler!!!! 


[Date: May 14, 1999, Session #773]

Phoebe: Oh hey Joey! What's up?
Joey: I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
Phoebe: Yeah, I've been around.
Joey: Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Phoebe: Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Joey: Great! Problem solved!
Phoebe: But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Joey: Well, back to square one.
Phoebe: Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Joey:  Yes!
Phoebe: Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind.  Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Joey: Peanut butter!
Phoebe: Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?
Joey: A swimmer!
Phoebe: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Joey: Monica. Oh… huh, I always thought it would be Rachel.
Phoebe: No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?
Joey: Ascot!
Phoebe: North route or south route?
Joey: North route!
Phoebe: Bamn! There you go! Huh?
Joey: Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
Ross:  Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, this guy again. 
Joey: Hey man, what's up?
Ross: Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?
Joey: Sure, what do you want to see?
Ross: I don't know, umm…
Joey: Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
Phoebe: Umm, no thank you. 
Ross: What's with her?
Joey: I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Ross: Okay.
Joey: What do you like better action or comedy?
Ross: Action.
Joey: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Ross: Dude, you are sick.
Joey: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.


[Date: May 14, 1999, Session #774]

Rachel: Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Monica: They're still in my coat.
Rachel: Damn!
Chandler:  Hey!
Joey: Hey! You ready to go?
Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? 
Chandler: What?
Monica: I love you.
Joey: Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!
Phoebe: Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Chandler: Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Joey: Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Chandler: I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Joey: Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Chandler: So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Joey: Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Ross:  Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Ross: I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
Joey: You got it!
Ross: All right!
Chandler: All right, bye-bye now!
Phoebe: Bye!
Rachel: Bye you guys!
Joey: Bye-bye!
Monica: I wanna say good-bye at the car!
Chandler: Okay!
Joey: Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
Rachel: Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss.
Joey: See ya! 
Rachel: Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing! 
Ross: Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading?  Pheebs?  Hello?  Phoebe?  Phoe-Phoebe!  Come on! 
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
Ross: Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Phoebe: Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Ross: Well, I don't know.
Phoebe: Well, I can't help you.
Ross: Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?
Phoebe: Apology accepted.
Ross: Okay. So we're, we're good?
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Ross: All right.  I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
Phoebe:  Bye, fat ass.
Ross: ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
Phoebe: I don't know! I don't remember!
Ross: Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Phoebe: Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.


[Date: May 14, 1999, Session #775]

Ross: Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
Phoebe: No.
Ross: Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
Phoebe: No that made me feel precious.
Monica: Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Ross: Yeah? Sometimes it's… 
Rachel: Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Ross: Okay, I'm the baby. 
Rachel: Eh! Stop it!
Chandler:  Hey!
Monica: Chandler! What are you doing here?
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
All: Why?!
Chandler: I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Phoebe: That game should not be played without my supervision.
Chandler: Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Phoebe: What's in the bag?
Chandler: Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road.  Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Phoebe: I do!


[Date: May 15, 1999, Session #776]

Phoebe: Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross.  Or-or Rachel!
Monica:  Hello?   It's Joey.   I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Joey:  Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Monica: What did you do to his sweater vests?
Joey: Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Monica: Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. 
Phoebe: Hey, dude!
Joey: Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Phoebe: Oh that's my grandma.  And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. 
Chandler:  Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Phoebe: Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering…  Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Chandler: Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Monica: Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Chandler: That's a good idea. I wonder where I could  get a basket of porn…
Phoebe: No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Chandler: Really?
Phoebe: Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Ross:  Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Ross: What do you like better flora or fauna?
Phoebe: Fauna.
Ross: Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
Phoebe: Garfunkle.
Ross: Why are you mad at me?
Phoebe: You said I was boring--Ohh!
Ross: When did I say you were boring?!
Phoebe: Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Ross: Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Phoebe: Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz!  Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.


[Date: May 17, 1999, Session #777]

Ross: Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?
Rachel: Yep!
Monica: Go!!
Rachel: What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!
Monica: Okay! Okay! Okay!  We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
Rachel: Oh! 

[Date: May 22, 1999, Session #778]

Phoebe: Monica! I'm sorry I'm late!  Monica? 
Monica:  Phoebe?  Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Phoebe:  It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Monica: Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Phoebe: Which Richard?
Monica: The Richard.
Phoebe: Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!
Monica: Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
Phoebe: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
Monica: It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
Phoebe: That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Monica: Really?
Phoebe: But again, Simmons. Go on.
Monica: The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Phoebe: Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Monica: Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Monica: I know.
Phoebe: Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!
Monica: What?
Phoebe: On a totally different bet.
Chandler:  Hey!
Monica: It's almost our anniversary!
Chandler: I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Phoebe: Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Chandler: Huh.
Monica: I got you a present!
Chandler: Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Monica: I know, but you have to open it today! 
Chandler: Okay.
Monica:  Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Chandler: Wow!
Monica: For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Chandler: Do we have to?
Monica: No.
Chandler: Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Monica: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Chandler: Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Monica: But we can go, right?
Chandler: Yes.
Monica: Okay!
Chandler: It's a great idea. 
Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Chandler: Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our  anniversary.
Phoebe: Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Monica: Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
Phoebe: Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!
Rachel:  Hi!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Rachel: Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Phoebe: Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Rachel: Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Ross: Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
Chandler:  Art lover!
Ross: What'd you say?
Chandler: I said art lover.
Ross: Is that supposed to be an insult?
Chandler: I don't know, I'm very tired.
Ross: So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Rachel: That sounds great.
Ross: Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines. 
Rachel: Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
Rachel: No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.
Phoebe: Naked alone time.
Rachel: No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn’t mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Phoebe: Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?


[Date: May 22, 1999, Session #779]

Rachel:  Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.}  Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen…naked! I'm picking up an orange.  I'm naked!  Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully. 
Ross:  Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this.  Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes—Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Rachel:  Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow!  Love to love ya, baby!  Darnit!  Ugh. 
Ross: Hey.


[Date: May 22, 1999, Session #780]

Ross: May I come in?
Rachel: Uh, yeah, if you want too.
Ross: Do you want me too?
Rachel: Yeah, sure?
Ross: So do I.  Okay Rach, before anything happens  I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules.  This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us."  Okay? I just want this to be  about what it is! 
Rachel: And um, what-what is that Ross?
Ross: The physical act of love. 
Rachel:  What?! Are you crazy?
Ross: Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
Rachel:  Oh God, you saw me?! Oh!
Ross: You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
Rachel: Noo!! No! You thought, you actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?!
Ross: No! No!  No!  No-no-no-no. 
Rachel: Ohh wow! I’m sorry, but Ross you kicked off your shoes!
Ross: Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
Rachel: Yes of course, absolutely! You're right. I'm sorry.
Ross: Thank you.
Rachel: Yes.
Ross: All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack. 
Rachel: Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #781]

Rachel:  Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
Ross:  Yep! That's hilarious!
Rachel: I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
Ross: Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.
Rachel: No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.
Ross: Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.
Rachel: Okay. All right, that's true! But y'know I just don't embarrass that easily.
Ross: What?! You totally get embarrassed!
Rachel: No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.
Ross: Is that so?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross:  Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom! 


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #782]

Guy:  So uh, I'm on my way back to the bathroom. 
Rachel: Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
Rachel: Ross! What are you… I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
Ross:  Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student? 
Ross: What the? What…
Rachel:  Hi!
The Flight Attendant: Miss? May I help you?
Rachel: Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #783]

The Flight Attendant:  Welcome to Las Vegas.
The Flight Attendant:  Thank you!  Enjoy your flight?
Rachel: Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent. 
The Flight Attendant:  Hope you had a nice flight.
Ross: Ohh, it was the best!


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #784]

Ross: I think the check in is that way. 
Rachel: Ahh.
Rachel: Hello!  Ohh, kids love me.
Phoebe:  Hey!
Ross: Phoebe! 
Phoebe: You guys are here! Yay!
Rachel: Hi! 
Phoebe:  What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila?  and you're Bob Saget. 
Rachel: Pancho Vila?
Phoebe: Yeah! 
Rachel: What are you talking about Pheebs?  I don't…   Oh my God, you drew on me?!
Ross: Hey, you wet my pants!
Phoebe: Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Rachel: Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can—you have so crossed a line. 
Ross: Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way. 
Phoebe: Ugh!
Ross: What?
Phoebe: That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Ross: Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
Phoebe: M-M-Mole people?
Ross: What? No-no, a lurker.
Phoebe: Oh. What's a lurker?
Ross: Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then…
Phoebe: Kills you?
Ross: No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Phoebe: Ohhh!
Ross: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: How do you know about this?
Ross: My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance—karate lessons.
Phoebe: Dance karate?
Ross: Yes, it's a deadly but beautiful sport. 
Rachel:  All right, it won't come off!
Ross: What?!
Rachel: It won't come off!
Ross: Oh my God! Rach-Rach, are-are-are you sure?
Rachel: No, actually I took it off then I drew it back on.
Joey:  Hey-hey-hey you made it!
Ross: Joey!!
Joey: All right! Hey-hey!
Rachel: Hi!!
Joey: Who's your friend? He's hot! 
Ross:  Thanks man.
Rachel: Hi. 
Ross: Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
Joey: No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Ross: Your what?
Joey: My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Ross: What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
Joey: Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #785]

Ross:  Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face.  A beard and a moustache.  Thank you.  No, she didn't think so.  I know it's like  anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do?  Yeah.  Uh-huh.  Yeah.  Oh! Okay.  Okay, thank you!   Yeah, it's not coming off.
Rachel: What?! What else did he say?
Ross: Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So… Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Rachel: Ross, no! There is no way I am leaving this room looking like this!
Ross: Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Rachel: Ross, I am a human doodle!!
Ross: Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here!  There are tons…of…freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Ross: Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Rachel: Okay, I need a, I need a drink! 
Ross: Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff.  But who cares?! Because it's all on me!   That is, one big drink!
Rachel:  Macadamia nut?
Ross:  Umm… Wow! That's-that's some pricey nut!
Rachel: Hm-mmm! 
Ross: Really like those Macadamia nuts, huh?
Rachel: Nope! 


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #786]

Rachel: Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Ross:  All right. Y'know what? We don’t have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us!  All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go.  13.
Rachel: Hit me!
Ross:  Oohh, 23.  Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars! 
Rachel: I bet 20.
Ross: You're right! 


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #787]

Rachel: Hit me.  Hit me.  Hit me.  Hit me.  Hit me.  Hit me.  Hit me. 
Ross:  We need more cards.
Rachel: Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second.  Whup, okay.  Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Ross: That must be our alcohol and beers! 
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Ohh, it's Joey! I love Joey! 
Rachel: Ohh, I love Joey! Joey lives with a duck! 
Joey: Hi!
Rachel: Hey!
Joey: Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
Ross: I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man.   Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Joey: Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks!  Hey Rach, how you doin'?
Rachel: I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?
Joey: Ross, don't let her drink anymore! 
Ross: Ohh, here's that Macadamia nut!
Rachel: Ohhh!!
Ross:  Nope! Something else. 
Rachel: Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
Ross: I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I…I really miss downstairs.
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room.
Ross: Well hello! I'm Ross!
Rachel: Good luck to ya!
Ross: Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here. 
Rachel: Wow!
Ross:  Hello!
Rachel:  Hello!
Ross and Rachel:  Hello!


[Date: May 23, 1999, Session #788]

Chandler: Hello! One marriage please!
Monica: Yep, we wanna get married!
The Attendant: Well, there's a service in progress. Have a seat.
Chandler and Monica: All right.
Chandler:  Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!
Monica: What are you doing?
Chandler: Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?
Monica: No, only because that's the graduation song.
Chandler: Okay!  This is it!  We're gonna get married!
Monica: Are you sure you wanna do this?
Ross: Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! 
Rachel: Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! 
Rachel: Wait!  Okay!